I think I like these better Red Oil Rice Noodles from via Oh and I got all the other items too muahaha (not the direct from China ones not thaaaat big of a fan) 
 is so multi-talented and so very beautiful. I love watching her works.
Liziqi choose her bra in shop in china 
Watching this Chinese lady make food from scratch, plant and grow her own, trade with villagers and even built her own equipment, is sooooo freaking soothing and satisfying... I am so sucked in right now hahaha. Love it. 
We found interviewed the "British Liziqi"... 
Online celebrities strike a chord with global audiences 
After became a sensation among foreigners with her YouTube videos on the rustic lifestyle and traditional food of rural Sichuan Province, an increasing number of Chinese vloggers are now focusing their sights on overseas netizens. 
I legit swear these ladies ARE characters! Their videos r SO ASMR❤️ like Studio Ghibli ! I wish I get a chance to live like them! 
These a worth of . I highly recommend m to the ppl w a those who’d like to wind off a little. It’s everything good in each video!  
 what do people think about it?  I bet it's so much hard work to present the good idealistic life to the publics, just like the Disney movies  
Liziqi Reaction | Brits are shocked by SNAIL SOUP ! ! !  ... 
Dolls From Bottles .. Liziqi Doll "Chinese" 
Dolls From Bottles .. Nanny Doll "Chinese" 
 
 does it again... What an amazing human being...such calming videos! 
 videos are so peaceful  Watched 1 planned a whole farm out even though I can barely keep house plants alive . 
Why I find Li Ziqi an inspiration for reasons other than obvious success. 
Two of my favourite people to watch on YouTube! Their videos show beautiful Chinese countryside, cooking, culture, fashion, and art. Who else adores and Dianxi Xiaoge?  
[] The All-China Federation, a youth organization is reaching out to some of ’s most popular live streamers, video bloggers and hip-pop . Among them is Li Ziqi, a video with 11.9 million followers on . Source: China Daily 
Jie jie is so beautiful  I love her so much! ❤️❤️❤️ 
I love this woman!!! She’s living everybody’s dream 
I am a fan of Does anyone here know her? She is the first Chinese youtuber to get 10 million subscribers~ and the third fastest rise to get 10 million subscribers in Youtube's history. She is so beautiful and hardworking~ 
 You have climbed Xianggong Mountain of Li River, but you may not have been to this place in , . It is located on the east bank of the Li River at Xingping Town. The rural life here is more interesting than ’s video. 
I wrote about the biggest food trend in China and the fascinating backstory of its unexpected rise. Spoke with ’s company as the YouTube influencer is selling of her own brand
 If the competition aspect wearies you (it does me) I warmly recommend 's Youtube channel. The food looks so amazing, the cinematography so beautiful, and the creator is utterly charming. 
Peanut and melon seeds, dried meat, dried fruit, snowflake cake - snacks for Spring Festival 
Watching and videos on YouTube before bed is a ritual I am proud of and satisfied with..
YUM - Liziqi makes her own DELICIOUS Tomato Ketchup! (李子柒 reaction) 
 Guming Village（鼓鸣寨） is a Zhuang village closed to Nanning，the capital city of . Some of the buildings in the Village has over 100 years of history，you can tell by the ancient earthen walls! 
 Except you gays and your music the only thing make me happy or satisfied is her live is my dream simple far from people my dream to have that live still one day Inchallah
Liziqi magical video - liziqi Making a dress with grape skins, what kind... 
The TOP 1 Chinese influencer at According to the best marketing platform: SocialBook, she has Total followers：13.0m and Total views. 1.9b 
Are you tired of being stuck inside in the city? The YouTube videos give you a glimpse into a more tranquil life. 
got addicted watching her videos..its so healing and calming.... 
 my love ♡ 
 Discover -style paddy fields in Lingchuan County，. Jutian village（聚田村） in Lingchuan is known for the paddy fields surrounded by karst mountains. Now the paddy fields went into the best viewing season as the paddy fields turned to gold. 
 Nothing beats 
I think I prefer to so far. Dawang probably has something to do with it  
Thinking about her... 
Still my all-time favorite youtube channel, so comforting. 
Another great episode: 
Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge are the real queens of sustainability and no i will not hear any criticism against them 
A pot of wine among watermelon 
Pick a pepper...last of the season. I’ll make a pepper paste to add into winter stews  Field to Fork Farm 
Do not let your parents watch Li Ziqi videos. She brings DIY to the next level entirely, so their expectations will soar. Her grandma must be in total bliss. 
-Turn your photo into Vector -Open for commission -DM me 
What “made from scratch” actually means. Found my new favorite channel 
Liziqi by Lutfi93 
My No.1 Healing Channel 
The sales of Instant in non-China markets in the past month is the sum of the first six months of this year. Vlogger from China will build a factory in the place where the food originated. 
 announces new business selling local traditional Chinese dish. 
 Chinese vlogger will invest in the construction of a luosifen, or river snail rice noodle, factory in Liuzhou to promote the iconic dish famous for its sour-spicy taste and unique smell. 
Pastoral life vlogger and commercial livestreamer have been nominated as members of the Communist Party-backed All-China Youth Federation. Their candidacies come as a surprise to many online observers. 
This is the everyone pursuing 
Anyone else find videos on YouTube fascinating and calming?? New reliever  
  This will give many down votes on her beautiful videos on YouTube. After all, Communism☯️ is actually a religion, a religion of atheism, in which men become gods.
 You shouldn't use good girl like for Communist Youth League.
Her beauty, sagacity and video editing skills enamored my mother  My mom used to watch her videos and exhort me to be like her  
New members of All-China Youth Federation, a joint organization of Chinese youth groups with the Communist Youth League of as the core force, were announced on Saturday. Well-known web celebrities such as YouTuber and vlogger included. 
I did it! I made ’s okra dish for the 1st time following her video. We devoured them. My mom my 8-yr old never liked okra, but they liked the dish a lot. I didn’t add spicy pepper in the filling. If you like spicy, you should add some hot pepper in the meat filling. 
Inspired by ‘s okra video I watched last night, I’m gonna try to make this dish today, maybe okra tea as well. 
That was some scary loud thunder storms tongiht in Nashville. Had to play videos to calm my kids down. Not only helped them fall asleep, but got some ideas for tomorrow’s lunch  
Here's my second blog post about Liziqi 李子柒, any fans out there?  
I am a big fan of .
Chinese Mid-Autumn boxes designed by culture sensation enlight thousands when pre-order begins. 
Chinese Mid-Autumn boxes designed by culture sensation enlight thousands when pre-order begins. 
Finally, a different title! “The life of okra and bamboo fence, LOL. 这次可... 
Participants needed for online survey! Topic: "Questionnaire about the purpose of watching Li Ziqi's videos" 
Free Therapy... Ps Reality's Super Women 
it's vegetable garden yay thanks for inSpiRinG me. tho i fucking know that i live in a tropical country but okay im still gonna do it ky wala mn ko ubrahon kuno abi du sa benguet lang balay namon haha 
I want to be a man and marry 
My excellent colleagues at International Student Services share "mental break" content on our lunch break. Today, they blew my mind with the Queen of , the glorious and soothing antics of 
There is something so satisfying in watching Liziqi grow, pick, and cook her own food 
 Dream life 
Capturing the summer! Field to Fork Farm 
Just love Twitter. People are telling each other what to watch in this time of global meltdown and I’ve discovered on and it is mesmerising. Like taking a pill and floating on a cloud.
I'm just so lucky I've found your Channel everthing about on your Blog is worth to share. 
how can I have skills like Li Ziqi ?  she is truly an extraordinary woman  but I agree, at least in life we ​​must be able to have some ability to survive in any condition  
When the day is over, and I watch twenty minutes of cucumbers with because that's the most sophisticated content I can handle right now. 
"...in the first half of the year, I set up bamboo fences around the outer walls, and planted some vine plants and vegetables, like and luffas." Watch grow, harvest, and prepare these cucurbits to make delicious dishes.  
Grilled Pork with Rosemary Garlic Leaves  Cashew Sauce and Roselle honey juice  
Bake Pork Rips With Creamy Avocado Salad Dressing Exotic Food Experience Fresh Herb Home Garden  
Can I be for a year and experience her life all through the four seasons?  
Its been 2 consecutive weeks that I keep binge watching these 3 yt channels. From a Calming channel to a Crying channel and after a while a Laughing channel. rn my team were judging me of being a lunatic.  
"When I worked in the city, it was about survival… in the countryside, I feel I am truly living,” -Li ziqi- . Sabtu, 20 Juni 2020 . … 
 +YouTubeSubscribers 
A Vietnamese vlogger's YouTube videos have sparked the ire of Chinese netizens. Titled "Kitchen on the Hill" in English, the vlog is viewed by netizens as almost a "copy and paste" version of Chinese foodie influencer , with some suggesting it's an act of plagiarism. 
A Vietnamese vlogger's videos have sparked netizens' ire who suspect her of copying iconic foodie influencer, . 
As a well-known Chinese for sharing idyllic life, has earned over 10 million subscribers on YouTube. However, her pastoral life was in spotlight recently after a primary school teacher used her life to formulate a question on exam paper. 
Question about blogger on an exam given to primary school student causes heated discussion on Chinese social media. 
A youtuber has been accused of copying Chinese influencer vlogger , who is famous for her videos about Chinese rural lifestyle and has more than 11 million followers on her YouTube channel. 
gonna launch a beautiful countryside cooking channel. inspired by and 
Camomile and verbena, will make a lovely tea. I’m channeling  Field to Fork Farm 
Popular Chinese Blogger 's agency responds to suspected plagiarism of her videos by a Vietnamese blogger, as the content, make-up, music and even the Grandma who appears is similar. "The question of infringement will be settled by a professional third party agency." 
 A Vietnamese YouTuber copied with exactly same props costumes in her videos lately. Many Chinese netizens felt indignant, but Li Ziqi is still irreplaceable because it’s hard to reproduce the aesthetics of rural life labor in . 
Vietnamese suspected of copying Chinese influencer Li Ziqi 
Vietnamese suspected of copying Chinese influencer Li Ziqi 
 SAYING someone who steal other property(tech and intellectuals) from other countries. YES THAT CHINA/CCP ways so stop contradicting once again! But We love CHINA true culture like (and TAIWAN the true owner of CHINA)! But world HATES the CCP and thats 100% true FACTS!
A vlogger from has sparked anger among Chinese netizens after they were accused of copying Chinese vlogger 's food and rural life videos; It is the hottest topic on Sina Weibo on Wed, with 710 million netizens commenting and condemning the copycat behavior. 
HAsnain Shah 
Vietnamese YouTuber under fire for copying Li Ziqi Link: 
 Looking for a noiseless in ? The "Zhongdu Ancient Town" has a unique landscape surrounded by the and , a place where may also yearn for a stay. 
 Jingxi, a silent county which is a so-called"Another version of ". Local people focus on nothing but their own , just like the dream home of . 
Such a Fairy 
I love doing my work in the early morning while watching in the background. Her videos have that amazing tranquil effect. As a kid, I used to eat zongzi wrapped in shells of bamboo shoots.我小时候吃过... 
Live: Celebrate the with and other top Chinese foodie influencers 
I’ve been watching a lot of on YouTube and let me tell you...I would make a GREAT farmer, other than the fact I hate going outside. ‍
Making some fresh knife stew 
Here is on Channels but with an organge check mark resembling ’s colour scheme. The  check mark is for a verified organization while the  one is for a . 
 – While U R to , there is no difficulty for you to find a cozy place to live and have a nice experience of ’s life. Since the average accommodation cost here is around RMB 200, pls check the video for more tips. 
 New Podcast! "Ep. 18: Quit Doing That!! Plus: I Love Li Ziqi, Garden Studio Updates, and a New Format...?" on 
Plant Seeds. Green the Earth. Sustain Lives. ...... . Planting Seeds. Making hand-dyed blue calico dresses. ... 
If you're tired of human foibles or political toxicity, watch this: 
I just fell down in a rabbit hole of and videos again........ so different yet so perfect, 100% would recommend! 
 The effect.
I've never seen a bamboo shoot in the wild, so to speak. Crikey. I do love these videos. They are so very peaceful. 
Netizens discuss whether they want to have Li Ziqi's countryside lifestyle 
9:33 *i dont know , the sky was blue , when she did it*  its too hard to be like 
Orphaned. Neglected. School dropout. An all too familiar path to self destruction. Li Ziqi rose above all this to start a one woman traditional Chinese arts crafts vlog. RTd about her real life furniture making. Now more impressed. 
You wouldn’t expect that today’s video is called "The Life of Potato"! 你... 
 
The life of ! Which is your favorite food made from wheat? This is a video made by 李子柒. The life she presented in each video is just like a . How nice it would be to live in a peaceful world like that! 
If I die My heaven is to wake up with 
Li Ziqi () is appointed by ’s Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs to be one of the ambassadors to the Chinese Farmers’ Harvest Festival. 
Six Asian YouTubers to Watch for Urban Escape Fantasies These breathtaking videos offer relaxing escapes in stressful times. 
 is among the 6 people who got selected as the Promotional Ambassadors of the Chinese Farmers’ Harvest Festival. Also listed as ambassadors is renowned agronomist Yuan Longping, according to the Ministry of Agriculture. 
Once again, absolutely amazing 
Nice flavor 
Traditional craft 500 years old. Challenge bamboo basket weaving like Liziqi 
Shanghai establishes ’s first professional committee for multi-channel networks (MCN). With the rise of short videos and live streaming, internet celebrities like and have helped expand a huge market in the online new economy. 
Hiding in YouTube watching Asian lifestyle videos by and many more. Also, watching Airy TV online and watching classic (Doctors 1-4).
Thank you, Lizi Qi for creating wonderful videos 
I am sure I am not the only one who can watch videos on a loop. Her life seems so endearing, romantic...even hard. But it makes you feel that her village is part of a different Earth. Any here? 
PS iF you like 's lifestyle channel, i think you will like this one too (quite a great copy format wise) . Lovely! (it is called 'traditional me') 
After releasing a short video on April 27 about and peas, food blogger witnessed her followers on surpass 10 million. 
 is serene, industrious and full of grace. This is so beautiful. I am a huge fan of this woman who spins her own wool to weave a cloak. She will harvest her crops and make heavenly dishes. She makes furniture of hand chopped bamboo. Amazing 
, a Chinese vlogger recording China's countryside life, saw her YouTube followers surpass 10 million after posting a short video about planting and cooking peas on April 27. 
, a Chinese vlogger recording China's countryside life, saw her YouTube followers surpass 10 million after posting a short video about planting and cooking peas on April 27. 
 inspired kitchen :) 
For the post on 'V', I talk about VLOGGING and my current 4 favourites during this lockdown - , , and 
Want to learn some of 's great ? It might not be as difficult as you think! ‍ 
Congrats!!  
wonderful life of 
Who else watches on YouTube? 
Farmer. nellybuchet nellybuchetbooks . . … 
If you need a break check out the meditative videos of Chinese internet sensation and her rustic lifestyle. You're welcome... 
If I’m ever stuck with 2dzn sweet potatoes, I have some idea how to extract the starch and use it to make noodles. Leave me alone in a lotus pond, and I know how to harvest and prepare the roots. Is My Quarantine Queen 
Stressed? Magnolia flower meditation, using food. 
She's literally living the meets fairytale pastoral life simultaneously preserving ancient traditional crafts on camera. More than mildly obsessed with () for like 80 anthropological reasons. 
Li Ziqi's pastoral life, do u want to live the same lifestyle with her? Actually, the beauty of China is more than that. someday，you can come here to feel the customs and beauty of China, we welcome the people from all over the world. 
A stan
If you’re looking for something relaxing to watch on YT, check out .. she’s a Chinese food and country-life YT’er who makes these videos using basics foods traditional Chinese techniques. They’re magical.
Her videos always has a calming effect  
If you're down on yourself for not being super productive during this lockdown/quarantine, this woman will make you feel 100x more useless... But.. Aesthetic 
The favorite soup of food lovers, all tastes in one jar—Fo tiao qiang吃货馋... 
Just Started watching videos on YouTube.. She is leading an Amazing life with outmost passion Below is one best video but many more videos in her YouTube channel. 
Spent the afternoon playing in real life and never felt so blessed to be in nature. Now seriously contemplating the lifestyle. 
Always feel peaceful when watching Li Ziqi's video… 
Such a mesmerizing vlogs. I would totally be up for her way of living where she lives (super beautiful) but minus the wood burner. It'll take me a year to cook a meal. 
I have very mixed feelings about her. She might as well be a powerful tool, but have to admit that what she does and where she does it, is beautiful Liziqi Channel 
 just waiting for you to offer Li Ziqi ( “Liziqi”) her own show because we all need her in our lives right now!! 
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ such a dreamy scene 
Anyone here on Twitter as obsessed with as much as me? Them therapeutic live off the land videos. If you’re bored in iso I suggest checking her YouTube channel out. It’s a slippery slope... 
If you like , strongly recommend to you 's Chinese cuision videos. BTW, after the covid-19, I will go directly to a damn good restaurant. 
Watching videos on YouTube while I try to read as much of 's Cryer's Cross as I can before I inevitably pass out. Also have to last at least another half hour, I was promised KFC. Just gotta make a quick drive-through run before I get to come home and enjoy.
Quarantine 12 day.ytube videos.(from.page1) : china is fucking beautiful : is majorly bullied by her sisters... she has lost her confidence and rooting for her and is god! is good looking.
Quarantine day 12: Watched anything that YouTube threw my way ... here is what i have understood so far... Opendoor ad: Celebrities homes are like personal museums of things they have collected, books they have not read comfort is not important (pg1)
Blue calico dyeing and printing with .  
李子柒 Liziqi 
Kumiss and Roasted Whole Lamb make you feel like paradise.| Liziqi Channel 
 I like to watch Li Ziqi's videos Because I like to watch other people work and I don't have to do anything 
 and one video at a time 
This one is a two-parter, so be sure to watch the second video after. And then watch her whole channel. She grows, she cooks, she weaves, she sews, she builds unbelievable things out of bamboo. 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Please, I need help. I'm currently transfixed by videos on her eponymous YouTube channel. So very much to learn and I'm getting old fast!
Please someone confirm that is okay... I miss her videos!! 
No more news for me. I'm going to smoke some weed ride out the apocalypse watching videos. My dog I are already in the sticks. We've been inspired to eat good and build some shit. You fuckers aren't going to steal our joy. 
Best Time of Year to Comsume Juicy and Tender Bamboo Shoots; Pick As Muc... 
Are vloggers such as and spreading “authentic” Chinese culture, or merely presenting a vision of China that the world wants to see? 
The moment you wake up, is already on her way to tend to her plants. As you’re stuck in traffic, she is enjoying the fresh breeze on her farm. Get to know the Chinese wonder girl that captured the world with her idyllic depiction of farm life. 
PhD in PHYSICS PhD in COOKING‍♂️ . . Columbia University in the City of New York 
Is she a digital-native huckster with expensive equipment and a professional camera crew who now makes a killing off her own branded chilli sauces, rustic throws and aforementioned horn-knives? Yes, and yes. Witness the glory of here: 
If you're not stanning idyllic-agrarian-chic postergirl , get thyself to YouTube posthaste and experience the soothing fantasies of rural life that have captured millions. Is it real? Does it matter? It's the best damn thing you'll watch all week. 
It’s amazing how much gets done in a day. 
Obsessed with watching ’s You Tube videos. ❤️
Liziqi channel has lots of cats, but this time she's making a cat-shaped oven! 
 Country life: the young female farmer who is now a top influencer in China 
Unnerved by fears of the coronavirus, the Chinese have found a way to pass the time that also inspires the spirit: watching videos that romanticize an idyllic rural past. The most popular YouTube channel in the genre is . 
 Aww it is true.. I am a big addict.. these girls ❤️
Extraordinary. Chinese online star provides an escape from urban life. Beautiful video worth your 6 min to watch: 
 friends! I love watching videos on YouTube and gave in to buying her salted duck egg yolk sauce. I don’t know many who’d like it but I love it. It has a kind of “ocean” taste to it. Now I want to learn how to make it. Has anyone tried? 
Li Ziqi has donated more than 20000 N95 masks, more than 1000 protective clothing, more than 10000 medical gloves, and a small number of goggles to hospitals in Hubei and Zhejiang. 
Learn to cook Good food...  . 
“Country Life: The Young Female Farmer Who Is Now A Top Influencer In China”, The Guardian ( 
I'm kind of obsessed with 's videos. There's something so calming about them, and I never get bored watching them.
 has donated 20k N95 masks, 10k surgical masks, 1300+ hazmat suits and 10k+ medical gloves, to 5 hospitals of 3 provinces. 
 , videos are amazing! 
 can do so many things from start to finish. 
Been watching for hours on and it’s been the most relaxing Sunday morning ever.
The Life of Cotton.  
I've been watching 's videos since last summer. It's always a joy to watch. They're so soothing. She's incredible. She's a cook, a seamstress, a carpenter, .. She does it all! She's amazing... 
Online celebrity vlogger has posted a video of herself fluffing cotton, attracting a lot of attention online. From sowing cotton seeds to its harvest, the super talented Li Ziqi shows us the whole process of making traditional Chinese bedding. Have you watched it yet? 
Super talented 
She grew her own cotton to make a pillow top/comforter for her Grams and her dog!!!!! Incredible. I love so much. These are the types of people that should be famous. Not those drama filled influencers and youtubers. 
With followed by 40+ million fans globally, a quick training system focusing on internet celebrity with low costs, backed by some investors, has already evolved in China. 
Due to the popularity of online celebrity and the idyllic life she promotes, many Chinese tourists choose to go on rural-themed tours for the . Meanwhile, many young people are also traveling alone for the holiday. 
Watching a little to wind down before bedtime 
I just published a video, in the same style like video. Winter Out In 
Ingenious! I love her! ❤️
 vows to eradicate poverty by the end of 2020. In addition to preferential policies and financial aid, young Chinese in areas like the world famous Vlogger also strive to escape poverty. 
Wanghong, or "internet celebrities", whether they are young or old, male or female, become famous and get many followers for various reasons. One Chinese internet star is , who is famous for her country life videos on . 
The last 12 months saw an increasing number of wanghong, or "internet celebrities" of all shapes and sizes, young and old, male and female, go viral as they attracted followers with their charisma. 
I recently discovered Chinese video logger , whose short takes on country living have been mesmerizing more than 7 million subscribers on .com along with many other followers in China. After one episode, I also became a fan. 
Chinese internet celebrity Li Ziqi, known for her videos of country life, has donated 100 computers to 9 primary schools in the remote County near her hometown. Last week, 's team denied a media report that estimated her annual income at 160 million yuan. 
, a popular Chinese vlogger with a humongous international fan base, who earns an estimated revenue of million yearly from her videos, donated 100 computers to 9 rural primary schools in SW China's Beichuan Qiang Autonomous County: RedStar News. 
 How did a girl from China become an international internet star in Rural... 
A Chinese celebrity vlogger , with millions of international followers, is under the spotlight for her earnings, although her company on Friday denied that she earns 168 million yuan ( million) a year. 
Chinese influencer , who has become famous for her country-life videos, has refuted a media report which claimed that she made CNY168 million (USD24 million) in a year. She has over 22 million Weibo followers and is active on Youtube too. 
The management company of Chinese influencer , who has 8.19 million followers on , has denied that she earns 160 million yuan ( million) a year, slamming previous social media reports as fake. How much do you think an influencer can earn? 
Can’t stop watching ...
Li Ziqi is 32y Chinese girl who lives with her grandmother in the countryside of southwest China ’s Sichuan Province an internet celebrity. Here's why: 
 What an inspiration!! 
Has anyone been watching ?!?! I’m obsessed with her skills Riding a Horse to Find Magnolia Liliflora Blossoms for my lovely fans 
I swear watching videos lowers my blood pressure.
