okay I'll listen to you till I fall asleep 
But it's time for me to sleep 
I think I like these better Red Oil Rice Noodles from via Oh and I got all the other items too muahaha (not the direct from China ones not thaaaat big of a fan) 
I remembered someone 
 Same here 
 Good night Teresa, I hope you slept well! Ily♥️
It was like being a teenager, writing love letters for the first time 
 Thank you Bunny, you too♥️
 Hi Vivy! Nice to meet you ♥️
 Of course Bunny :))
 Hi Natalya! Nice to meet you too ♥️ 
 Hi Bunny!♥️
 Hi Shafa! Nice to meet you ♥️
 Thank you Jesslyn!♥️
I hope you have a great day ♥️ 
Get ready you guys, he's back. Don't delete your twt 
WHERE ARE YOU ?
 Welcome Emily ♥️
 Thank you Bunny, I'll try again 
 Okay Madison, thank you ♥️
 Honestly i'm confused what to say to him 
 Are you done? I can't finish it  HELLPPP 
I can't finish this  
OMG WHEN WILL YOU GUYS STOP? 
 save us pls 
furiously googles chinese restaurants near me after watching a liziqi cooking video
What's wrong with you guys? 
listening to bjork and watching liziqi videos. just as god intended
sorry i can't be miss li ziqi but in all fairness none of us can
Liziqi be hoeing and foraging around like she owns the entire mountain 
 Welcome!♥️
 Pls never give it to them 
 Btw Im from Indonesia 
I just want to live in the bukid with no silingan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Naol liziqi
I really wanted to listen Matt on Patreon, but it's not supported in my country 
 Done
 Have a good day Alicia♥️
 Get well soon Ava♥️
 Thank you ♥️
 Hi Jill! Nice to meet you ♥️
 welcome to auratwt Liziqi!! c:
 Wait, what? What did she do?
 Mae, what happened? I see many of you talking about this.
 I see many of you talking about this. What happened? Can you explain to me?
 What happened?
 Hi Maria! Nice to meet you ♥️
 Thank you Matt, have a good night ♥️
 Welcome Liziqi❤️
Thank you for welcoming me into community ♥️ You guys are really kind and friendly  
 Hi Kendria! Nice to meet you ♥️
 Hi Camelia! Nice to meet you too ♥️
 Hi Carly! Nice to know you ♥️
 Hi Marine! Nice to know you♥️
 We love you too Addry♥️
 I'm here just to do that :')
 THANK YOU CARLY, WE LOVE YOU ♥️
I'm new here, but you guys are very kind ♥️
 I'm new here, but you guys are very kind ♥️
 Thank you for the reminder Heaven, have a good day ♥️
 Hi Mae! Thank you ♥️
He live while i sleep. It's sad to be in a different country at a different time 
 Thank you Shiela :')
I forgot to introduce myself, I've been on YouTube for a long time but new on Hi! I'm Liziqi but you can call me Lizi. I really wanted to make new friends here ♥️
 Onto Liziqi's own world
 You have very good taste in music! Not music but when I really need to unwind, I follow Liziqi on youtube. Love her videos, and especially her granny. 
 Hahahhah my mom is always on my phone too. Either scrolling Instagram or watching Liziqi videos on YouTube. 
Li Ziqi: 李子柒 on YouTube, so good for high anxiety days 
It has made my day to discover that Mana has been releasing Li Ziqi style videos all year. Yes, I do want to watch elegant gothic rockstars go ASMR camping in the woods. 
cooking videos are so fucking pleasing i bet yoongi he watches liziqi and BORE.D
 I watch Kimi (korean), Liziqi (chinese), dianxi xiaoge (chinese), one meal a day (korean), and party kitchen (japanese) and Junskitchen (japanese) ... its a Quarantine Phase, I swear.
i found liziqi noodles in the market the other day, im abt to try it heh
 Ooh I haven't seen this account! Thank you for sharing. I love these no narration ASMR food videos. Reminds me of Liziqi--I think she's supposed to be a zero-waste food YouTuber. 
The Ultimate Internet Cooking Show would probably feature Gordon Ramsey Binging With Babish (Andrew Rea) Life of Boris (Boris) Liziqi Oddly enough I think Boris and Liziqi are the ones who'd get along the best.
Hello its nearly 2 am and I am laying in bed under a weighted blanket having consumed a Lg dose of CBD, an anxiety pill and about 8 slices of buttered toast. I’m watching the ever calming Li Ziqi and none of it is working??? n̑̇̈ȏ̇̈n̑̇̈ȇ̇̈ ̑̇̈ ̑̇̈ȏ̇̈f̑̇̈ ̑̇̈ ̑̇̈ȋ̇̈t̑̇̈ ̑̇̈
liziqi's vids are so therapeutic i swear
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celebrity 
guys.......... liziqi soft power 
 Well... that answers some questions I had about Liziqi and a few of her recent possibly missing videos
 Are you going to make the Liziqi stana mad and say its fake? Coz I want to see it.
 Anything with cooking and gardening: Liziqi, Dianxi Xiaoge, Grandma’s Recipes, You Suck at Cooking, Heathen Hearth, Charles Dowding...
 Liziqi is a gem
 Liziqi is such a guilty pleasure. And I say this as a person had to do the "living off the land" thing as a kid and 100% know it's not even half as romantic as it's portrayed on her videos. Very interesting case of manufactured authenticity though.
 I love Liziqi!
 I might sit this round out because (a) I can't decide and (b) either way it's a win, they both accompany some of the scenes I enjoy the most (fights vs cooking montages where Sleuth turns into a Li Ziqi video for a hot sec)
 Dude check out Liziqi on youtube. I love her channel so much. It's super interesting and so relaxing to watch. Bink and I ordered food in and had my coworker over for lunch a while back and we mindlessly watched like two hours of her content.
 listening to Goofy Sings Cruel Angel's Thesis, receiving memes from your cool friend Elliott, watching Li Ziqi videos
And let’s not forget the wonderfulness of having the internet. I am presently watching a Chinese YouTube star. Thanks to for putting me on to Li Ziqi 
 omg are u in liziqi front yard
Videos of Liziqi at midnight ✨
 is so multi-talented and so very beautiful. I love watching her works.
 Love Liziqi been watching her for a while now, really enjoy her channel.
liziqi smashes walnuts with her bare fucking hands how metal
Beyond borders, national identities, personal challenges... simply being women, yearning to live in harmony, sustainably, using ancient tools/practices [w/out making modern-day purchases] creative solutions of beauty. Liziqi 
 I feel like Ly gonna be Li Ziqi, creating stuffs. While Rh busy with the ranch 
 Her name is liziqi 
I have never connected to my dad more than fangirling over Li Ziqi together at 2 am
my coping mechanism is watching my handsome kpop boy and girl fancam, kimagure cook, livjunkie, liziqi, and surfing shopee
I love her so much, Liziqi ❤️❤️❤️
Wishing I was home right now. :) grandma cooking, mom singing Christmas songs, dad trying to “speak Chinese” at Liziqi thru the TV screen
 Does Li Ziqi really have the market that cornered
Liziqi vlog: The Winter Solstice is coming, all families eating lamb and... 
Today’s to-watch-list: 1. Bon Voyage 4 2. Evil Under The Sun 3. Anastasia 4. Home Alone 5. Liziqi 6. Mr. Bean’s Christmas 
ritual sebelum tidur, nonton liziqi's video. jadi pengen gardening. such a life in harmony, being one with nature. 
 The tropics do sound more interesting. You can be self sufficient by harvesting all year round. There's a YouTube channel "Liziqi" where a woman lives in a small village and be self sufficient. I'm learning from her. 
 monster factory, soap making videos, doll repaints, creepy reddit post narrations, liziqi, and vocaloid mvs. i wear many hats
There’s this one lady on YouTube named liziqi that I watch every day before I go to sleep like she got a whole enchanted garden full of different vegetables and herbs and shit 
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province - 
Once in deserted Rumbone City, Stood a lowly settlement, Where a leader used their resources, For a manger and a bed. Albert was that leader mild, Liziqi was the leader wild. 
my dad is a farmer and his new favorite activity is to watch farming videos on youtube so i sent him a bunch of liziqi videos. i just called him and asked if he liked them... he said "oh yeah i already subscribed... she makes some cool, wholistic farming videos" lmao
 me you for the liziqi au 
nah whenever i think of renhyuck i just wanna write that liziqi au ffffff
 because liziqi
 Traditional me liziqi dianxi xiaoge Ondo 
Meet Chinese online star Li Ziqi, whose rural life comforts millions 
 let me put you on dont call me gay -minecraft hunter versus speed runner -street food videos -li ziqi pls check her out - if u like seeing fish getting  and cooked then kimagure cook -coastal foraging -scary space videos like what happens if u go in a black hole
Liziqi's cooking is so inspiring
if you’ve watched liziqi before whether it was ironically or not congratulations you’re a good person
i was supposed to come on here to say liziqi's vids make me feel like a stew and then draw cactus not go thru a naruto artists gallery and weep as i take in the fanarts
 watch Liziqi in Youtube. She is into different league.
Liziqi bra part 2 : Liziqi choose her bra in shop in china 
 There is this chinese youtuber liziqi (be warned her content is all eerily pretty) who has a video on collecting her own cocoons and making silk from that but she ends up making a quilt which I suppose is hardly the pinnacle of fine silk. 
// food mention liziqi makes food, clothes and furniture has sheep and a puppy that follow her! no loud noises good for falling asleep to nice cooking noises 
binging liziqi and cry i guess
Video Expert Reacts To And Analyzes Liziqi's Channel 
Liziqi lifestyle || liziqi biography || Age hobbies history family || bo... 
Li Ziqi | Biography 2020 ★ Net Worth, Family, House Yacht 
 There's a channel called Liziqi on YouTube, her videos are relaxing to watch
Li Ziqi (Food Blogger) Biography,Net Worth,Income,Family,Cars,House Li... 
I love 李子柒 Liziqi on youtube, her videos are So beautiful and relaxing!
 Liziqi is my favourite . She calms you down
I still believe that someday I will live like Liziqi
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
 yooo korean pov and makeup asmr hit diff, uhmmm chynaunique is god tier esp with her lipgloss ones, I also like listening to Li Ziqi it’s so calming even tho it isn’t direct asmr
Can we have more Youtubers like Liziqi  I've grown to hate influencers/vloggers making contents for clout deceiving their viewers cause of sponsorships . Liziqi was a breath if fresh air i wish there are more contents like hers from different countries too ‍
i wanna watch liziqi forever
NNN Exclusive! The leader of new settlement Aurora, Liziqi has given us an official statement on her plans to breathe life into this new settlement. 
i'm so glad i wrote character descriptions for the taeil is liziqi fic because i genuinely did not remember the johnmark backstory i came up wtih
Liziqi choose her bra in shop in china 
Sharing his youtube channel coz why not? (I just found ph ver. of Liziqi and Dianxi youtube channel) 
obsessed over 3 kdramas: mystic pop up bar, my mister, and lets eat obsessed over and still do.... watching food videos on youtube from claire saffitz to the dude on tasy that makes giant things to liziqi to jasmas fusion to xiaoying cuisine
you know what, it sounds like something liziqi would use for the bgm in one of her videos
 I don't search anything, literally watch home page then recommended...I have the perfect algorithm of Disguised Toast, Nio, Nick, Pat McAfee, sports highlights, Hoonigan, and Liziqi. Youtube is the best.
 Is that liziqi on her profile picture?
Li Ziqi - A Girl From Fairyland 
"This includes Yang Zi, Di Rieba, Zhao Liying, Yi Yanqianxi, Li Jiaqi, Li Ziqi, Zheng Shuang, Times Youth League, Xiao Zhan others. The only person who really made a vote was WYB."
 Omg tomorrow I will but I’m scared looking at the phone will hurt her eyes she liked the part where liziqi was making wine out of mushrooms though teehee
 show her the grape gown and ask if she thinks liziqi is a liar
Kitty got bored of her toys so I put my phone in her little hut and played a liziqi video for her and I think shes obsessed a little
I hope Liziqi is having the best day (Liziqi—if you're reading this, I hope you're having the best day)
So Beautiful ,,Liziqi
Li Ziqi is my fave YouTube channel and it's not even close
patiently waiting for the next liziqi youtube video by watching literally every other video on her channel
just found li ziqi’s tiktok that’s right queen get that engagement
This is where I want to be, living life like Liziqi 
The way I’m literally Liziqi whenever I clean a pomegranate like this 
10) what bit sanity I've kept this year has been super strengthened by yt and podcasts esp. try guys, contrapoints, philosophytube, the mcelroy family, bdg, yoga w adriene, jenna marbles, liziqi, you can sit w us, magnus archives, bbq... thank you all content creators 
Liziqi is just... life goals 
i swear one day i’m just gonna drop everything and live like Liziqi 
 Loveliveserve is juvenile comedy. There are more but these the ones I've settled in. Liziqi is meditative 
 They're amazing. Reminds me a little of the channel Liziqi.
I thought that like liziqi had a video on this but it seems it's a different type of embroidery, looking forward to it owo
 It's been awhile since I've read up on it, but I think a few Asian cultures lay claim to inventing kimchi. Anyways, I don't pick a true inventor; I just think Liziqi's kimchi video is delightful
 A lot of people shitting on Li Ziqi for being Chinese propaganda while they forgot Naomi Wu
are li ziqi and i all that different
Li Ziqi’s products are trending on our platform right now! Glad to bring the Chinese flavor within reach for anyone craves for it
Kitty has entered the Liziqi oven 
ok listen i know i disappeared for a whole day but i am in fact continuing the lwj liziqi thread
Li Ziqi converting agrarian aesthetic videos of ancient farming techniques to a brand of instant noodles (that you can eat while you watch her grind grain with a stone wheel) feels like 2020
Li Ziqi brand instant wide rice noodle, peppercorn sesame sauce. .99. (.30 in China on Taobao currently). I’m pretty easy to please, I’d buy again. When’s she gonna IPO :) 
 I love Li Ziqi's❤, The one you've shared is good too but you should watch Li Ziqi's, the way she films it and capture every moment. Her skills are great.
hello i didnt know liziqi went to malaysia last year 
Sape layan utube awek Liziqi nie confirm best!!! She lives with a mother nature. 
Chinese clickbait is amazing. I bet you can’t guess what this below article is an ad for: “Li Ziqi defeats public company: the ambition of a garden fairy, just how scary is it?” Li Ziqi if you’ll remember is the food influencer w 13.7m YouTube subscribers own ecomm brand. 
 Not a show, but Liziqi on YouTube. Her videos soothe my soul.
Now that i realized it. I still haven't eaten lunch pala  girl prioritize watching liziqi kanina 
can we all just take a moment to admit that we have a crush on liziqi
 I watch a youtube channel called Li Ziqi. She does videos of rural Chinese life and hand-done crafts-- from growing or gathering stuff to finish! It's very calming and lovely.
1/ I started off with this piece on Chinese rural lifestyle influencer Li Ziqi, whose cooking videos can get in my belly. Thank u for letting me fly past my original word count. 
 I just got the ad recently when i was watching liziqi's videos 
new obsession: liziqi videos
 While i was streaming i watched liziqi's video and guess what i got 
nah i’m still thinking about that renhyuck liziqi au 
 the red string of fate but make it liziqi videos, haha what if we watch the next new liziqi video together jk unless
that being said, new jaeil fic tomorrow  and then i can have reached my goal of 20 fics this year and i can focus on the taeil is liziqi fic
just have liziqi videos playing in the bg and vibe
what wouldn't i give to see a video of gordon ramsay reacting to liziqi
if liziqi was in charge we'd have the vaccine ready in august and we'd be fine by now
 Liziqi, Dianxie, ted talks
 Cooking tree, liziqi, hanse, tasty, kimi
 I really like watching liziqi on YouTube to calm down!
 Liziqi, NCT Daily, Treeman
Accidently discovering Liziqi on youtube is the best accident that ever happened to me
 You might have seen Liziqi’s videos before, but she shows the entire process of making things in traditional ways. She has one showing how to make a silk quilt that starts with raising silkworms and harvesting silk. Fair warning the silkworms get killed. 
Watching this Chinese lady make food from scratch, plant and grow her own, trade with villagers and even built her own equipment, is sooooo freaking soothing and satisfying... I am so sucked in right now hahaha. Love it. 
We found interviewed the "British Liziqi"... 
 Have you never seen liziqi before yashar!!!
 taste check out liziqi tho
Amazing Liziqi Cooking yummy Chinese food 
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
 li ziqi is SO soothing. lwj vibes v much i love it
HELP i thought of lwj liziqi and now im like... damn why is xie lian just kiwami japan
if you’ve never seen a liziqi video... what are you doing, cmon 
,,,,modern au where lwj makes youtube videos like liziqi, which university student wwx watches religiously (bc hes tired of the coty + has always wanted a farm)
picking my own garlic and shallot chives. Feeling like : li ziqi.
 
me vs the Massive need to buy the knife that li ziqi uses in all her videos
 also liziqi/dxxgcore cottagecore tbh
oh to be the camera that li ziqi dropped persimmons on top of
Online celebrities strike a chord with global audiences 
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
 Liziqi is a Youtuber who documents the whole process of making her meals, furniture etc. out in the countryside on a gorgeous farm. Hardly any speaking in it, just beautiful shots, music and visual storytelling. She's incredibly talented and hard working.
 li ziqi? i'll check them out :0
 i have the same problem as you,,, and watching li ziqi's videos late at night puts me right to bed
I want what li ziqi has but with a lavender field
 I love liziqi the most.
 Alvin Zhou Adam Ragusea Babish's Culinary Universe Liziqi You Suck At Cooking
 That liziqi is lit tho
i want to live like liziqi but im too lazy haha
idk how but i got hooked on watching liziqi on yt which is basically a record of a rural life in china as she go on to preps for food and handmade stuffs that blow my mind. it's very soothing to watch esp after a stressful day of work during this holiday season!!!!
Not liziqi having her own tiktok  
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
 maangchi on utube is very sweet and liziqi's videos are just gorgeous n atmospheric
Modern wangxian au where lwj makes videos like liziqi and wwx tries to follow them like CantoMando 
i'm gonna eat and then watch liziqi and knit, goddamn
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
 I only know about cottagecore from Li Ziqi
After became a sensation among foreigners with her YouTube videos on the rustic lifestyle and traditional food of rural Sichuan Province, an increasing number of Chinese vloggers are now focusing their sights on overseas netizens. 
catching up on all the liziqi vids ive missed and whew....im not a big fan of animal intestines but when she put them thangs on the grill ill admit i was tempted 
My latest addiction is this Japanese "country life" youtube channel called Liziqi.
 I LOVE Liziqi!
Not me watching liziqi videos at my desk
 Her name is "Liziqi" on youtube and the farm to table resourcefulness is astounding. SHE BUILT HER OWN OVEN!!
Liziqi is the only person living as God intended
For anyone who is interested this is Li Ziqi and she basically said, “screw it” to the urban lifestyle. 
i love watching Li Ziqi. she is a chinese lifestyle blogger who makes videos of harvesting her masssiveeee garden to cook using traditional chinese tools and methods. she lives with her grandma and cooks for her in the garden. gives me major garden ideas. 
Liziqi is always amazing, 5.2 million views in 5 days 
 LIZIQI? YEA I LOVE HER
Tenzin Li Ziqi are from areas geographically similar to locations of many American Native Reservations. Regarding fighting poverty, preserving heritages, entrepreneurship other ethnic-related benefits, CH is no less exceptional than US though it needs to do more to. 
 I really love Liziqi’s channel 
 9. LiZiqi's youtube videos!!! watching soothing natural cooking adventures was great brain medicine this year
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
me: people who are obsessed with celebrity podcasters are dumb also me: Yoga Adriene and Li Ziqi are my best friends
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
been binging Liziqi’s channel bc it’s sso aesthetically pleasing and nerve calming ✨
This is Liziqi from Communist China. Her videos are beautiful and interesting. This covers her harvesting and using persimmons. 
 
 A) the magical busker game I worked on years ago before a major fallout with my main muse B) Stardew Valley but make it Li Ziqi 
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
the only thing getting me thru rn is the queen liziqi 3 she is for the mentally ill
Liziqi is one of best thing youtube has ever produced.
i dont want a life in the city, i want liziqi's skills
Ty wants to live as a farmer...... so what if ty, liziqi au..........?
 liziqi too 
 *channel ... The other two are a homecafe channel liziqi who does cooking/lifestyle, I've found them to be super calming to watch .. otherwise there's asmr channels pen pal ones but I'm not sure if those would be up your alley
watch vlogs of Liziqi on youtube to relax n feel better
I haven't watched liziqi since 2017 and have spent the last four days playing catch up... _ she has like 20 hours of content
 nmj would 100% start his own channel thats a mix of liziqi and those guys who only have a pair of shorts and a stick and end up building an underground mansion plus secret waterslide
I just got result 'Nero' on quiz 'which mahoyaku character are you but this time the descriptions are painfully long and i read you for shit'. What will you get? 
 them and townsends overlap a little! also liziqi is different but really really calming :33
sesh liziqi and everything will be ok :)
 I watch Liziqi on YouTube and feel the same way.
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Li Ziqi Turns Corn Into a Chinese Feast 
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
 but if im going east asian inspired i also like liziqi's open rustic countryside style kitchen i just feel like rustic outdoor kitchens food be packed w/ flavor 
if li ziqi stops making youtube videos i’m just gonna shㅇㅇt the next person in sight
renhyuck au where renjun is a famous yet elusive content creator like Li Ziqi who makes videos of himself cooking and creating traditional chinese handicrafts in the countryside and donghyuck is his even more elusive videographer who films all of his videos for him
every day i come closer to moving to wallonia and growing a garden like liziqi's
 Cooking shows! Usually Binging with Babish or Liziqi.
I like to disconnect with something soothing sometimes. These are some of my favorite channels on youtube when I'm looking to relax. Maybe you'll like them too? ❤ Homecafe - 
 
wrap me in soft blankets, feed me warm bread, and put on Liziqi videos
Please check out 李子柒 Li Ziqi's videos on youtube, they are so magical ✨ 
academic burnout but it's just me watching li ziqi videos all day long
My fantasy dinner party, at a Tokyo izakaya, with chef Giorgio Locatelli serving Tuscan bbq to Li Ziqi, Canaletto, Aretha Franklin, Betsey Trotwood and Thomas Annan (plus Stanley Tucci as sommelier) 
李子柒 Li Ziqi's youtube channel is the most calming thing
LIZIQI JUST OPENS WALNUTS WITH HER HANDS???
new liziqi video is better than therapy
 I watch a lot of li ziqi videos
my new passion is Liziqi's youtube channel 
 I watch XiaoXi’s Culinary Idyll, Dianxi Xiaoge, and Li Ziqi’s YouTube videos. Super relaxing and gets me to sleep in no time.
im just watching videos of liziqi and daydreaming about my chinese rural life
If I weren't in the city, I'd be 100% Liziqi by now, building my own stoves with silkworms and a cleaver
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Yummy Chinese Food Video 2020 
watching the new liziqi video and she climbed an enormous fucking tree to pick fruit she’s absolutely insane i love her
any oomfs that watch youtubers like liziqi or dianxi
Literally no one Me: took a screen capture of Liziqi video and make it as my laptop's background
miss li ziqi... your hand in marriage please 
 not her being Liziqi the Chinese youtuber i love
this is what happened when i binge watching liziqi videos 
what would li ziqi do
“Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life” 
I repeat: liziqi is obviously person of the year 
Julian Baumgartner art restoration videos Animal videos (esp baby monkeys and pit) Hair brushing ASMR (knocks me tf out) Restoration content (bags, old timey appliances) Li Ziqi Aquarium YouTube
 the world is ending and liziqi stops it with her big knife and a bunch of stuff that took her the whole year to make
I legit swear these ladies ARE characters! Their videos r SO ASMR❤️ like Studio Ghibli ! I wish I get a chance to live like them! 
These a worth of . I highly recommend m to the ppl w a those who’d like to wind off a little. It’s everything good in each video!  
Liziqi uploaded a new video, I’m drinking a delicious hazelnut coffee, my clothes are fresh from the dryer, and everything’s a-ok. 
 Not on Twitter, but on YouTube, I'm totally in awe of Li Ziqi, beautiful, and with all her skills, too many to mention, definitely the most wondrous Wonder Woman on Earth.
Liziqi's grandma has an oversized red bunny hoodie that's so adorable
 DIANXI XIAOGE LIZIQI COOKING❤️❤️❤️
How to live like liziqi
I'm gonna stream the last ep of JJBA Pt. 5, and maybe some Liziqi while I take a break from finals. If anyone wants to join, here's the link (no log-in or sign-up required, kosmi is great). 
liziqi new video reminds me of little forest 
I nutted in her and she started watching Liziqi  
I wish i could live like liziqi Lol
no thoughts, head empty, just vibing to a playlist of soothing liziqi videos 
Does anyone here watch Li Ziqi??????
Oooohhh I didn't know Li Ziqi had a brand! I loooooove her she's one of my fave youtubers ❤️❤️❤️
Liziqi’s background music lives rent free in my brain
 liziqi....how does she know EVERTHING....
still my fav liziqi video 
*watches Liziqi hang persimmons to dry under the eaves* Must be fucking nice to not have possums who steal fruit from your veranda! Stupid possums
 Liziqi is how I picture the Rainmaster
 what do people think about it?  I bet it's so much hard work to present the good idealistic life to the publics, just like the Disney movies  
 Oh also if you buy a bunch of fresh ones and want to try drying them like Liziqi did you can look up "hoshigaki" and you'll find some tutorials 
who else watches liziqi?? lmaoo that bitch's videos are really relaxing
 Might I recommend Liziqi on Youtube, she's a Chinese (I think) cooking/crafting channel that makes all her stuff from scratch and it's all just so aesthetically pleasing and soothing
 Omg you saw the video too sjskfjskjd. Around this time of year I used to get gifted huuuuge boxes of persimmons and I miss it so much, I can't get any decent fruit where I am now and gd Liziqi makes me so envious 
New Liziqi just dropped 
How do I become friends with Li Ziqi... is a question I often find myself asking.
Chinese cuisine is just so much better. Like the presentation is immaculate too. So why does us culture insist on devaluing it so much??? Anyways I think for 2021 my goal is to recreate (reasonably) a Liziqi dish. The ingredients she uses look good and I rlly wanna
 MY MUM WATCHES LIZIQI W ME HELP
OMGGGG I LITERALLY SAID YESTERDAY THAT I MISSED LIZIQI AND SHE POSTED A VID TODAY YEAHHHHHHH
every time i watch liziqi videos i wish she could ADOPT me
new liziqi video LETS GOOOOOOO
Do any of u here watch Liziqi?
liziqi and dianxi xiaoge both uploaded new videos on the same day i am LIVING
 It is not li ziqi or dianxi xiaoge bc we have both already succomed to those ccp plants
 you can ask me something about liziqi ,嘻嘻，，嘤嘤嘤
I love the life of Liziqi is spending in her village, watching her videos make me so calm, I always wanna live a life like this in a forest or in a rural village. isn't that the happiness we recall?
 Omg Li Ziqi is my favorite CN Vlogger. I always watching her video almost everyday, she is very good at cooking some food, drink and traditional dessert. I love how the way she cooked. Brighy definitely love it ☀️ 
Liziqi emang de best. Channel youtube ter fav. 
 Liziqi Dianxi Treasure Nct daily Kimi
Day 4 Crank it Up - One of Mike's biggest nights 
my fav way to forget that i exist is to watch liziqi's videos ❤️ 
PAWS THESE ARE FROM LIZIQI????? SKSHSJSH  I didnt recognize the characters
Liziqi updaaaaaaaaate
 Omg Li ziqi she is my idol too.. she is the most independent and talented woman on the earth... Thanks BFB 
 Liziqi brand? I love her YT channel. You picked a good one! Thank you.
Oh, it's liziqi's brand. I have been watching her videos since months during the lockdown lol it's very pleasing and homey tbh~
Liziqi just posted a video on YouTube. What a day!
 Oh my god I love Liziqi videos soo much
 im a stranger but liziqi is so a tier i love her so much
liziqi update~
i await the day to find someone else who watches liziqi
Moodbooster liziqi update
NEW LIZIQI VIDEO BYE
got a notif of li ziqi's new video and all I can say is "yaaaaaas persimmons!!"
yayyy.. finally Liziqi new video  
Liziqi promotes the natural beauty of the countryside on the Chinese mainland by posting antique style videos. It combines the traditional culture with new media. What can we learn from this kind of promotion method? 
in my barely asleep state all night long i was thinking about chapter 9 of the taeil is liziqi fic and that one thing that's going to happen. good morning.
 Animal crossing and stardew valley playthroughs. Mostly by Aavak. Ive seen a good chunk of them multiple times but hes just so chill i love it. OR I watch Liziqi.
Watching Liziqi's youtube channel is so healing  
i am once again praying i wake up as a lamb on Liziqi's farm idec if she eats me its the circle of life
The parallels between LiZiQi’s channel and ErmiChuiyan’s are actually too much... I’m not saying they don’t actually live this life or don’t do the work themselves but I’n also not saying they don’t have financial help
Not to put my tin hat on or anything but I’m like 80% sure LiZiQi and all her copycats get money from the Chinese government 
Going through liziqi videos looking for a shot of her messing up on something 
Liziqi's content is so therapeutic as always, I highly recommend her youtube channel
I need a new LiziQi video to help me keep going
 not you using liziqi video but that as the bg im so in love
Chinese reading friends, is this instant noodles and is it from *that* Li Ziqi? Can you confirm ? 
every time i watch liziqi or dianxi xiaoge i need to take a step back and tell myself that i cant be lazy so when i retire i can be like them
Ooohhh may Ilocano farmer-YouTuber na liziqi/dianxi format!
oh to be liziqi i want her life so bad
 i also want that liziqi life
 anytime~ ☺️ lol when i first watched it xiaomai reminded me so much of liziqi(youtube) b/c of her farm to table technique cooking and the beautiful countryside setting 
 on it! I added a cuddly pupper and swapped in dopey game instead of soothing book/tv show ... might throw in some Liziqi YouTube too 
6/15 chapters of the taeil is liziqi fic have been outlined, i'm gonna go pretend to stare at the johnil google doc while in reality watching big mouth in the bottom right corner
 Or if you want something soothing, Liziqi plants, grows harvests, cooks and builds everything 
So my dad's watching liziqi's channel and because of the bg music im tempted to look for new cdramas. Im studying pls no temptation!!✌
It's Li Ziqi!! Aaaaa i miss her..
outlining the taeil is liziqi fic is reminding me why i don't outline
Me still watching liziqi's videos even though I don't know what the hell she's planting or cooking : ️️
nordic version of liziqi, so peaceful Echoes of the North - Ice obsessions - Story 49 
 I’d recommend liziqi on YouTube! She does country life videos in her hometown of Mianyang. And does handicraft using traditional Chinese methods! Both the videos and the food are incredibly lovingly made 
liziqi brings me so much peace
 i just feel like liziqi's life is so peaceful and simple. i want to live a life like that.
Probably the same applies to Chinese YouTube channels. Think Liziqi, Laotai Arui etc. Could also be due to the fact that their content provides a glimpse of rural life/life hacks outside the great firewall of China.
YT channels like Kimi and LiZiqi nourish my soul in a way no other examples of farming that I grew up with ever did
ahhhh I'm a new follower and I just found out about your taeil as liziqi fic and???? IT'S EVERYTHING I'VE EVER NE… — hey new follower, nice to meet you!!  i'm so glad that you're hyped! the fic is gonna take me some time thoug… 
Consider yourself as the Liziqi of Vietnam! Grateful for the recipes :)
 like an asmr or smth. i personally like liziqi's vid on youtube it calms me down and i get really drowsy
 LiZiQi is really a wonder - a unique genius who's equally artist and artisan. If you didn't constantly see the video evidence that she exists, it just wouldn't seem possible (so much so that it took many people a while to grasp that she's real and not a character).
i sometimes just wanna live with liziqi and her grandmother because of the scenery and food there 
liziqi can u upload sumn?
 very! i like the length of the vids too :3  i also watch liziqi hihihi her videos are so tranquil 
Liziqi Reaction | Brits are shocked by SNAIL SOUP ! ! !  ... 
 A friend showed me a couple of copycats but Liziqi still remains my favourite. There’s just something about her videos
Dolls From Bottles .. Liziqi Doll "Chinese" 
Dolls From Bottles .. Nanny Doll "Chinese" 
The life of purple rice, pumpkins, and… peanuts The life of purple rice, pumpkins, and… peanuts Liziqi Cha... 
liziqi's grandma really has it made. like she lives in a beautiful home surrounded by lush gardens and has a lovely granddaughter who cooks delicious food for her and just pampers her and a bunch of little random puppies and cats that just appear places like ??? the dream
now if you'd excuse me, ima watch another episode of Li Ziqi's youtube channel
烤红薯酸辣粉|gooey sweet potatoeshand-made noodles, in hot and sour soup|Liziqi 
 Liziqi, nct daily, ....
If you haven't discovered the beauty of Li Ziqi and her life in rural China, DO IT. (looking at ). It's one of the most relaxing and beautiful things on the internet. I want to stay with her for a month, or maybe the rest of my life!  
Liziqi's videos are so soothing!
i think kun is the next liziqi
Liziqi - Ancient Chinese Printmaking 
im now watching liziqi while nicks shoots across to the hospital pharmacy to get my steroids before they close at 6.20.
The sheer volume of Liziqi videos I’ve watched in the past four days in hopes that beautiful Sichuan scenery and her extremely well composed shots would inspire me to want to make food for myself is staggering. So anyways just got Postmates y’all need anything
 The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 My fave cblogger liziqi
if u wanted to be motivated just watch Liziqi's videos and I promise you will want to work 20x than u usually do
what i haven't mentioned in the past about the taeil is liziqi fic is that it's going to be more on the angsty side. i'm still mostly in the planning stages of it, but it's and this is a bit of what i have for the first chapter so far 
 Have you appreciated Liziqi’s relaxing lifestyle videos yet? 
4. Part of lgbt community - I’m not *I want to answer some randomly* 9. Ultimate goal - To live life like LiZiqi 10. First concert - Girls’ Generation , proud sones 11. Last book read (eng) - We were liars by E. Lockhart 
jak and i have been watching li ziqi for like 2 hours
Mi top de YouTube: Tiktoks with same vines energy Cringe moments mukbang Liziqi Hoarding: buried alive Extreme cheapskates Extreme couponing
 Li Ziqi is a great artist to give money to.
If you haven’t watched Liziqi’s videos on YouTube, you rel missing out 
 This is why we only watch Li Ziqi 
it also helps taking my mind off of things. this year has been rly stressful sitting around doing nothing only makes my stupid brain keeps doing its stupid stuff so  i'd also like to thank my wife liziqi for inspiring me. i maybe not as skilled as her but i'm doing my best
 Correct! The pot is just a glass pot from Amazon, but the cups from Li Ziqi give me a sentimental feeling.
 Li Ziqi is a youtuber in rural Szechuan who makes videos about crafting, planting, harvesting, preserving, and mostly just living off the land. Extremely peaceful stuff. She has a set of these cups, and now sells them in her store. 
Since I've become a more consummate tea drinker I splurged on Li Ziqi cups. Probably like two people know what that is, but they're magical and make me very happy! When pandemic is over I will serve you blooming tea in my special pretty cups! 
So my woman obsession of the year switched from Nado to Li Ziqi
 Aw I love this! Highland cattle are one of my favorite animals  If you don’t mind me making a contribution, one of my favorite relaxing YouTube channels is Li Ziqi. I always watch her when I’m sick! 
Liziqi, dianxi xiaoge, one meal a day
 there's definitely discourse along those lines about these channels, but from what I've seen the biggest one of these (Li Ziqi) is pretty explicit in interviews/social media that she's doing rural escapist fantasy, and that actual rural life is much worse
 Haha true. I follow this china girl on Youtube. Her channel is about the countryside lifestyle. In an interview she said. "Living in the city is survival" but then she moved to the country side and lived like a farmer she felt like that was *True* living (Liziqi) her channel.
my niece loves watching li ziqi now clips from over the moon I'm getting emotional bc i'm so happy with how interested she is in other cultures!!!
 It's Li Ziqi on youtube ! I love her channel
Kung ang iba balik K-drama, ako balik Liziqi vlogs sa YT , LOL. Oh, boy! the things you do to cope with the karambola happening around you.
the way i changed my mind about this one thing about the taeil is liziqi fic and now i need to redo the outline i already did
Chinese Internet Celebrity Li Ziqi Turns Corn Into a Chinese Feast 
 Song is BTS glad you liked it so The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 TWO QUEENS!! OMG U LOVE LIZIQI TOO?? 
 LIZIQI AND OFF THE TABLE  WHY UR TASTE SO SUPERIOR
One of the most talented and resourceful farmers I've ever seen, she's just totally amazing... watch a few of her documentaries, very inspiring  thank you Liziqi 
 You can CHECK out tgr yt channel is liziqi and the song is 
 The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 Everyone fr calm down. I posted this video for making people calm. Y'all are ruining its purpose look up the yt channel its called liziqi and the bgm is 
Ok I’m over organizing my desktop lmaoo I need to go to sleep. Ima watch Liziqi 
 Yeah you can make it all the best you look up their yt channel The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 Thank you  The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 You can look up the yt The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 Thank you ❤️❤️ The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 Yo basically anything from Liziqi if you’re ok with food being involved. INTENSELY chill, videos are like “here’s gorgeously filmed Chinese countryside where I grew a bunch of wheat and now imma spend the rest of the video making stuff with it” 
 This looks like what Liziqi cooks on. Ever watch her YouTube channel? A different type of escapist fantasy....
 Omg look up Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge on YouTube, it is The Best Stuff 
 Check Liziqi channel, You will like it
simping for liziqi has made me want to go live in the rural mountains and tend to my crops whilst living a self-sufficient lifestyle
 The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 The channel is liziqi and the song is 
 The yt channel is liziqi and the song is 
 watch calming vids. i love liziqi's vid on youtube. it helps me alot. and btw good luck on your exam. keep a cool head
now i get it why liziqi never talk to her grandma
U need sofa = Go to IKEA/ store Liziqi needs sofa = Go to the Forest, collect bamboo U need matrass = Go to IKEA/ Store Liziqi needs matrass = Farming silkworms, collect their silk, spun, sewing U need soy sauce = go to market Liziqi needs soy sauce = planting soy bean Wt 
 even li ziqi does this XDDD
If anyone wants to know what I want my life to be like, just watch any Liziqi video on YouTube
liziqi is the only person i trust in this world
Ok so I know different lives of food because of Liziqi. Yes!! Im addicted to watching the vids. Im currently watching "The life of the rapeseed oil". So awesome!! 
 Is it Liziqi? I love her channel 
 liziqi sur youtube
Fk wo de parents been spamming liziqi videos skskks
 Anyone born in China has many accessable metheds to get what they wants. Lifestyle like US , tranditionnal Chinese lifestyle like Liziqi are all available or the others. You can also combine them together. All things before should be found at the basic of patriotism at least.
Long weekend viewing: On Chinese vlogger Li Ziqi’s mesmerizing YouTube channel. she doesn’t speak and there are no how tos or manic hosts,. Instead she evokes a quiet, very pastoral, very ancient way of life whose effect is deeply soothing. 
i wonder if liziqi has a video about peaches? 
 liziqi, shes a chinese youtuber that makes super calming vids about her life, would really recommend :)
 Search for Liziqi on youtube.
 Got excited to see Liziqi on this thread  love her!
 I am promoting Liziqi more than LGO  I found out her channel recently and it's so calming and relaxing
 I love liziqi channel too 
 Her name is LIZIQI... I Love her video...❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
 She’s called Liziqi
This is Off topic, But i have to tell you all, after watching Liziqi video's i become productive in this quarantine and I plant a Serrano pepper on my garden..!! My Mom is so proud of me...!! Ha ha ha.  
Been binge watching liziqi, so satisfying
 Liziqi is the best 
 she's liziqi. u can find her on youtube
done with my first extra class for today. might bum around watch liziqi then not wake up for the next one
 OMG I LOVE LIZIQI’S VIDEOS
It's 7:30pm and I'm in bed watching Li Ziqi  
 Liziqi is a Goddess. Subscribe to her youtube channel to heal your souls army. 
Omfg id never expect a liziqi edit fc,, this fits so well tho!!
 OMG LIZIQI I LOVE HER SO MUCH
 li ziqi is literally so amazing there is nothing she can't do
 Li Ziqi!  This fits really well, Life Goes On truly suits the mood of her channel! ☺️
 Existential question: if liziqi really lives traditionally then why the camera works of all her videos are so perfect 
 Yes, she lives on huge land and grows all her ingredients organically. She also makes a lot of clothes as well. Her name is “Liziqi”
 ahh liziqi.. i love watching her!
 It's a dream to live like Liziqi!! It's a hard work, but it looks so satisfying and fulfilling!!
 I love Liziqi I’m a fan, this YouTube channel is fan made bc she is on weibo but she approves 
 Liziqi!!!!!! I love herrrrrr
 No, they just use a VPN, the Chinese Government does not care as long as they don't make Anti-Chinese content, they even gave Li Ziqi an award.
 aahh Li Ziqi...the song fits so well
i love li ziqi so much, yall have no idea 
liziqi, I don't know her 
Weeping as i watch li ziqi videos bc that was supposed to be MY life ..
李子柒 Li Ziqi, on YouTube (also Weibo). A food and handicraft vlogger in rural Sichuan, who creates 5-20 minute videos that show her preparing foods or crafts with traditional techniques, from planting to harvest to serving her cute grandma. 
I wanna be Li Ziqi when I grow up :(
 Just making sure that you also know about liziqi. =) 
baked ziti, baked watching liziqi
 i love liziqi's videos !! soundrown for some reason doesn't work for me?? and oooh idk the third one but i will try it out
 Fair, are we done with YouTube yet? All I watch is the occasional Liziqi and sometimes 30 year old news bloopers with my girlfriend
i spent the day with Grandma watching Liziqi on youtube 
 amo a liziqi 
I have two study background sounds that are my go-to: - Liziqi’s entire video library - Soundrown’s rain and Ludovico Einaudi’s experience on loop
 Hey you’re watching Li Ziqi! We love her!! Happy thanksgiving!
I'm sorry, but my eyes still don't wanna stop to watching this Lady  Liziqi channel. Very talented, hard workers and beautiful. She can cooking, planting, crafting, create anything ... almost anything. I know, beauty is just not pretty, but hard work. I'm inspired  
Hungarian. Tiger's Lake? Katty Perry. Yeah Allrighty. V Maroon5 lost? You win. Oke, let sony music decide it for us. I thought it was the same time of Tiger lake paint wall appeared. But you not use the A deeger. LiZiqi. Deer tiger comic of South Correan's. The same wall. Come.
Who is your fav youtuber? — kurits connor, tee noir, li ziqi, sam collins, rob gavagan and cortreezy 
The way Liziqi and Dianxi makes me want to move to my village but I'm too lazy to survive their way 
i keep calling it the taeil is liziqi fic, but i should be calling it the taeil is lizhangliu fic cause she has cats following her around and i'm gonna give taeil SO MANY CATS in this au
5/11 of the xiaoyang is done. i also did the detailed outline for the first chapter of the taeil is liziqi fic. that's the update from last night. good morning
 Highly recommend all Liziqi content 
how has no one made a liziqi fancam yet
Another channel bringing me much-needed moments of zen - Liziqi. I don't think I've ever seen anything as mesmerizing as her videos. This is the first one I saw, and it's still one of my favorites. Just beautiful. 
 vegetables mostly, think liziqi (youtube)
if nobody got me i know Liziqi got me
Back to liziqi vlogs 
just found out Liziqi channel... i am now a dovoted fan mannnn she's a god
I love liziqi and her videos! So soothing. It brings me peace calm. I love love LOVE her ❤️
Its another day of me binge watching liziqi's vlogs  i promise i'll start my readings tomorrow for real 
While I'd LOVE to have the kind of life where i can raise a goat and shave a bit of hair to make brushes for my hand-ground paint, I'm not li ziqi. I have a job, and if i want to paint i have to make this very annoying choice
I really wanna get into gardening but I feel like florida is just too hot so I just watch liziqi videos and live through her 
 This is a Chinese invention put to practice by THE Li Ziqi.
 
 Watch liziqi. It will put you to sleep
Liziqi videos are my safe place
These days, the form of relaxation I have is by watching videos from channel Liziqi. It's strangely therapeutic  
how come no one told me liziqi has her own BRAND??? DUDE????? 
I've been watching liziqi's vlogs for 3 days  She's living the dream , its beautiful 
now let me tell you about that huge taeil is liziqi fic i'm planning: it's going to be 15 chapters, it's named after a fall out boy song, and all chapters are named after fall out boy lyrics i haven't started writing it yet
im watching my girl liziqi make a sink out of wood from a random hillside surrounded by newborn puppies don’t text
Watch Liziqi on YouTube for peace and serenity 
Watching Li Ziqi living her trad lifestyle after a long day at work is the most relaxing thing I've experienced in a long time, great discovery. 
Liziqi is another kind of healing 3
 I can be really evil and recommend Liziqi on youtube. Some textile ones (not her best ones, but silk is interesting) more for food. For crafting, look at XiaoXi - the basketry is excellent. The forging gets a bit too long winded
 She and liziqi are the definition of my dream, they have such unreal peace in their life
 Saaaaame! Been watching her since february. The authenticity... ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Strong Gerl Li Ziqi! 
 youtube ya masak2, makan2 : dianxi xiaoge, liziqi, one meal a day, yummy boy, ettv njttw spin offs : 15ya channel cafe vlog : zoe, cafeslave jun workman
 LIZIQI OH MY GOD !!!!!!! I LOVE HER I LOVE THAT SO MUCH MS SHIDA GETS MY SUB
The life skills in your eyes may just be the survival instinct of someone else - Li Ziqi
 So, this is how your country introduced China? Come on, buddy, go out more. It doesn't matter if you haven't been to China. You can go to Youtube to see liziqi. That is the real Chinese culture
 liziqi on youtube !
 Liziqi, does more in one day than most Americans do in a month.
 I agree! Love her and LiZiQi 
eating while watching liziqi's videos 
 does it again... What an amazing human being...such calming videos! 
 1. Liziqi 2. Moavlog 3. 키미 kimi 4. Cozyday 5. Jerome polin
 videos are so peaceful  Watched 1 planned a whole farm out even though I can barely keep house plants alive . 
 Liziqi got frs
I love watching Li Ziqi before sleeping so much 
one more liziqi video and I will go to sleep I’m dying
Why I find Li Ziqi an inspiration for reasons other than obvious success. 
I also love how YouTube thinks Liziqi is President Obama now lmfaoo
*video how to make salted duck egg* People : directly showing how to make salted duck egg Liziqi : so we need to hatch this duck egg so we can have ducks to give us the duck eggs we gonna make into salted duck egg
 Random, kadang nontonin Chanel liziqi, try not to laugh challenge, txt, funny moments dll
what's Liziqi up to this week?
 you can simmer it too or make it to small batch of jams, i watch liziqi yt chanel of her roses episodes, she dried it for tea, simmer it with crystal sugar for jams, n disstilled it for rose water
 Thanks for your input I looked up Li Ziqi on youtube, she is impressive. Twitter has value for sure.
(2/3) :like li ziqi (content creator). i admire her a lot and i watch her videos every week. i think being viral on the internet shouldn’t be counted as a label because i myself indeed transitioned into an actress through having internet fame. 
watching some liziqi 
 so fake fuck liziqi liar chinese girl is easy girl
 I LOVE LIZIQI
all I did today was watch liziqi videos  and I don’t regret anything 
 Appreciate the correction. While THIS video clip isn’t Li Ziqi, per , I have seen videos of Li Ziqi that are very impressive. Well organized builds. Very well filmed/edited. All around impressive projects.
 Liziqi! I love watching her cook
 No it’s not Li Ziqi but it does look like her.
 Her name is Li Ziqi and she has quite a following. Very impressive.
 Li Ziqi ~ hands down, the most relaxing beautiful show on YouTube. This is what I watch to de-stress  
if nobody got me i know youtube creator li ziqi got me
COOKING PORK ADOBO | Life in the Philippine Countryside Ep. 25 
 check a channel by the name Liziqi
 change attitudes in the region and in the diasporas. The fact that Chinese dramas are being broadcast in other Asian countries like the Philippines and Nepal and the popularity of Li Ziqi in Southeast Asia and Sri Lanka is also shaping how people within the region view each other
why are people saying Li Ziqi is apart of a deep Chinese propaganda??? what am i missing
 When I'm stuck at home, looking for peaceful distraction I binge Liziqi. 
: namjoon probably subscribed to Li Ziqi and watch her on the daily
I wonder if there's someone like Liziqi in Japan who makes the same kind of videos... I didn't find anything just searching in English
i simply wish to make videos as well as liziqi 
I like this youtuber plus liziqi
liziqi is my fav youtuber by FAR shes the coolest i watched her video on the life of a rose and i want to eat her funky rose pastries wtf !! THE VIDEO WHERE SHE MADE THAT QUILT OUT OF THE COTTON SHE GREW IN HER GARDEN WAS NUTS ... OR THE TIME SHD MADE THAT CHAIR OUT OF BAMBOO ??
 it's the bobo and unhealthy version of my queen Liziqi 
the sleepy defeated vibes after being up all of a cool November night alone with a crying infant so you just curl up on the couch while she naps and watch liziqi videos
Chinese online star Li Ziqi creates videos if her rural life covering everything from cooking to diy bamboo furniture 
for i give you everything i have so far for this fic. i started it today cause i had nothing else to write, and because the research and backstories for the taeil is liziqi fic (that might have become ot23) are taking time 
I could watch Liziqi’s videos for hours. (and do)
Dianxi + liziqi = UNLIMITED BUFFET
 Liziqi is my fav yt channel
My mom is a fan if Li Ziqi now. She even want to put rose petal in the cooking 
Bro I’m actually cryinnggg... please watch this video, it’s three Kevins trying to follow a Liziqi cooking video and it’s the funniest thing I’ve ever seen 
Watching LiZiqi always makes me miss northern food (especially at Yunan Tasty Garden) cuz yayyyy spicy ;.; maybe I'll cook some like next week on payday 8D
 try watching Li Ziqi on Youtube. She makes traditional Szechuan crafts and foods at her grandparents' family farm. Soft music, little dialog, gorgeous visuals. 
Li Ziqi really is living all of my harvest moon dreams isn’t she
I’ve been watching a lot of Li Ziqi with cuz super comforting content in the pandemic is something you gotta hold on to but also I just accidentally cooked enough rice for like seventeen people I’m sure these things aren’t related
 大王 is cute. she n li ziqi is my fav. along with a apt remodeling show on youtube.
 I LOVE liziqi!!!!!!!!!! can i please go live there and work in her garden?
 
i can finally live out my dream of being white liziqi
I will now begin watching Li Ziqi videos on YouTube for the next 8 hours
Two of my favourite people to watch on YouTube! Their videos show beautiful Chinese countryside, cooking, culture, fashion, and art. Who else adores and Dianxi Xiaoge?  
I am loathe to admit when an algorithm hits the mark with a recommendation but I'm really enjoying these Liziqi videos. 
 I always watch liziqi video in between her food are always amazing
does anyone else watch liziqi or is that just me 
 They need to stfu and watch Li Ziqi's videos tbh. Not listen to noodley-armed gender studies teachers.
 I would interpret it as either "the sound of eating" or "the sound of Li Ziqi" (the most famous food blogger).
I’ve enjoyed watching some of these videos from Li Ziqi. The bamboo furniture making was great 
 Tontonan random non bts DMS Liziqi 키미 Korea reomit Kimbab family The golden family Milkybokitan Yummy boy
 Tontonan Aya: Liziqi Dianxi Xiaoge MilkyBokiTan The Dodo Flatbush Cats Two Set Violin One Meal A Day Buzzfeed Tasty BangtanTV sama bunch of food reviews channels :3
random non bts tweet my healing YT channels: liziqi, kimbab family, asmr latte nino's home and (other ASMR cooking channels), zoe's, roha,
not the busted iphone...... liziqi gorl spend some of that adsense revenue 
li ziqi_the life of tomatoes.mp4 
 i love li ziqi my lady n goddess actual ranger
 Liziqi. Really long term projects, beautifully shot. 
 all i know is from liziqi
Liziqi's content is so so so soothing and calming, so therapeutic. That young lady and her grandma live the best life. Ah
 Check out the Liziqi channel on YouTube.
Does anyone else just have Li Ziqi playing in the background? Mesmerizing
watching liziqi while studying
update on what will ultimately be a long, chaptered taeil is liziqi fic: i have 3k of research, i named all the animals, and i started making a map of the village
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celebrity 
 I'm not sure if it's an ASMR, but not much calms my nerves like liziqi... *Sigh*...
 In my case, I'm more of a channels of science, linguistics, StudiesVlogs and Cooking (like Babish's channel) Here is my list c: -Alanna -NavitLang -LangFocus -Antroporama -소람 soram -李子柒 Liziqi -우미스베이킹 Umi's baking
My highest aspiration is to be the liziqi of textiles 
 Those are great! My cats really like the cat videos, they keep them asleep. My puppy has gotten used to Liziqi, Townsends and now My Little Pony. I like the talking, I think it holds her attention if she wakes up while I’m away.
If anyone else is a Li Ziqi fan girl, her branded soups are on sale at Li Ming’s 
If you’re looking something relaxing today, I highly recommend Liziqi’s channel. Anytime I see my roommates watching her videos on the TV, I just get so relaxed. 10/10 would recommend 
Every Youtuber that kept me going in 2020 CoryxKenshin iBerleezy Watcher Bailey Sarian dangelowallace Defunctland Lindsay Ellis PushingUpRoses Rachel Maksy 李子柒Liziqi Lovely Lor The Stitchess Trin Lovell Kat Blaque Sarah Z Yhara Zayd
Watching Baumgartner Restoration, Cooking Tree and Liziqi videos
 remember our Liziqi days in school 
My mum watches liziqi channel on YouTube and the videos are so calming to watch, wish I lived like that
Just discovered Liziqi’s youtube channel and I’m in awe 
oh to be liziqi and farming in the sichuan region
 YouTube per-Rumah Tangga-an : Hamimommy, Haegreendal Nature for life : Liziqi, Dianxi
 safiya nygaard, mr fruit, liziqi, rose and rosie, game/film/food theory, etc
Whenever I am too lazy to boot up the good old Stardew Valley I just watch another one of Liziqi's videos 
[] The All-China Federation, a youth organization is reaching out to some of ’s most popular live streamers, video bloggers and hip-pop . Among them is Li Ziqi, a video with 11.9 million followers on . Source: China Daily 
 Dear Eileen don’t know if you watch utube, there is a very inspiring woman Liziqi who I feel has the heart of a poet she has 18 million subscribers whom I recommend she makes my heart soar let me know what you think
This girl is so talented  Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 royalty soaps, evan and katlyn, danny gonzales, drew gooden, leon lush, kurtis conner, i did a thing (Daniel Hardcastle), jazza, chris ramsay, a commemoration for jenna marbles channel, mörges, and liziqi have all been keeping me through quarantine. i could go on but im out of...
If china has liziqi then indonesia has kalaweit family 
 i watch julien's videos for fun 
uhm i feel like liziqi or primitive survival tool or smthng when i asian squat while cutting firewood..
Imagine, Living, in a community that worked together harmoniously, compassionately and responsibly 3  芋头的一生，辣椒…是送的The life of taro…and pepper is today’s treat丨Liziqi Channel 
Is anyone else obsessed with Li Ziqi on YouTube or is it just me? This bitch....everything....feel....love 
Menemukan channel youtube yg vibesny seperti Liziqi, tapi lebih modern dan European style. I love the music, the color tones, the caption, the editing, the vibes. The whole video is so calming.  
 exactly why can't I be li ziqi
does anyone else watch liziqi or is it just me
omg i love li ziqi, she is living my dreamy life omg-
(in realizashun) liziqi the raw form of cortagecore lesbian?
im on a tree getting some mulberries this shit got me feeling like liziqi rn
In the age of feminism Li Ziqi is an icon unknown by many in the West. 
Jie jie is so beautiful  I love her so much! ❤️❤️❤️ 
The YouTube channel Liziqi.
liziqi youtube channel....thats kita .... 
just found liziqi's videos they're so calming
 lol yeah, I'm dying to build something to accommodate a traditional round bottom wok. Too deep down the rabbit hole. BTW have you watched the Liziqi channel? I feel like you'd love the advanced hand weaving, agriculture, etc 
 not sure if this works for you, but I watch something calming and distracting or funny to immediately take my mind off of what ever is distressing me. It's still there but it's numbed down. check out liziqi on yt she makes recipies in the Chinese countryside it's super relaxing
 httpabatar li ziqi !!!! i love this genre of utube video
binging li ziqi videos and daydreaming about abandonning everything to become a farmer/go live in the woods
Liziqi youtube channel
 Liziqi, rachel goddard, kimbab family
NOT ME GETTING EVERYONE IN MY FAMIKY TO WATCH LIZIQI DBFBDNSNSNS
liziqi’s channel and bts in the soop
Late fall liziqi is the best. When she starts knitting a coat for her grandma and making peppered taro cakes? Oh baby I’m in 
 YES I FUCKING LOVE LIZIQI
 lucas and kibo, the dodo, jacksepticeye, Zoe's 종에, Evan and katelyn, tasty, Rachel and Jun, jun's kitchen, yes theory, goose house, 한세hanse, 李子柒liziqi, dollightfull
i enjoy these: Kurzgesagt, Veritasium, Lectures by Walter Levin, minutephysics, Zach Star, Andrew Dotson, TwoSetViolin, MacDoesIt, Joana Ceddia, Stephanie Soo, ryxn, Liziqi, Buzzfeed Unsolved, JOLLY/연국남자, cream heroes, 하루한끼 one meal a day, odg, proZD
 hope you taste them someday !  There's this girl named Liziqi in Youtube, she makes a lot of plates and uses rose petals in them, check her out!  
the amount of fruits, veggies and roots i’d never seen before that liziqi is growing in that garden of hers...
watching people in the city/burbs trying to re-create liziqi tutorials is the funniest thing
Things I watch on Youtube now: Laughing foxes Birds Insects People watching classic horror films for the first time Dogs eating raw meat Dogs getting haircuts massages (Shu And Tree channel) Classic animation roughs Liziqi channel Victorian anything videos
Does anyone here follow/watch Liziqi on the YT? Her videos are so damn relaxing.
liziqi's video is a free therapy 
if you havent check liziqi's yt channel, you have to check it at least once in your life. 
li ziqi/dianxi xiaoge, creepy arg’s, documentaries on abandoned buildings/theme parks, people exposing mlm’s/fake gurus, mashups, business youtube but mostly for scammers or bankruptcy of a company to make it interesting
 maybe her channel and liziqi are the reasons why the internet isnt all bad
self care is watching li ziqi videos for most of the day
THE DUALITY BETWEEN LI ZIQI AND RUSSIAN DASHCAMS
the way i screamed when i saw li ziqi :") i love her, ANYWAYS BACK TO THE THREAD
I love this woman!!! She’s living everybody’s dream 
(wei ying: listen we could watch russian dashcams. li ziqi. there are alternatives. u are,, clenching ur fists rn u know this right?)
i just wanna go to bed and watch liziqi videos but no youtube has to be down
 well not really a documentary, but literally any and all Li Ziqi videos on YouTube. I could watch her for hours. otherwise tiny universe was fun
The life of taro…and pepper is today’s treat丨Liziqi Channel 
Watching liziqi’s videos makes me so happy.
When everything gets too much...at least there's always a Liziqi video about vegetable farming. 
hear me out. taeil, born and raised in the countryside, has a liziqi/dianxi xiaoge/traditional me style youtube channel that's starting to get popular. haechan, who has never lived anywhere beside the city, is the journalist tasked with interviewing him.
there's a new liziqi video up  guess what's gonna be my bg all day for writing
 Liziqi is another cooking show that i like ghibli movies are also big comforts, i listen to movie essays like these bc the narrator's voice is calming (I like their essays abt Dr strangeglove, Howl's moving Castle, road to el dorado, treasure planet) 
I am a fan of Does anyone here know her? She is the first Chinese youtuber to get 10 million subscribers~ and the third fastest rise to get 10 million subscribers in Youtube's history. She is so beautiful and hardworking~ 
as always im a sucker for packaging design, so i got the li ziqi soymilk....this is the blueberry flavor. slightly sweet and the blueberry tastes like the blueberries in packaged blueberry muffins idk or maybe blueberry just taste that way. 
1/10000000th of Liziqi’s work ethic is more than I’ll ever have
 anime, liziqi, nino house, tomorrowland, the first take, bento
just picked a tomato from my garden. feeling like li ziqi rn.
i have to watch Liziqi or i will die
 watch liziqi on youtube i love her vids they're very peaceful
 You have to check out Liziqi if you don't know her already !
 If you want calming things to watch, go to YouTube and search “Liziqi”. Those videos always keep me level headed and calm
liziqi is so bloody talented she can plant, cook, bake, build, sew, make her own cloth AND play guitar???? this woman is a goddess
 Did you stumble across a chinese channel called Li Ziqi? I swear it's like watching a series of a princess in the chinese mountains - so calming!! 
every day i just wanna be a cat on li ziqi's house IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK
李子柒 Liziqi 
 You have climbed Xianggong Mountain of Li River, but you may not have been to this place in , . It is located on the east bank of the Li River at Xingping Town. The rural life here is more interesting than ’s video. 
 I had to stop with Liziqi, started feeling so lazy and incompetent, not growing my own silkworms, grains, cattle etc etc etc 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Guys! LI ZIQI?!?! I have never been so inspired
if ion do nothin else i’ma let the ads play on a Liziqi video.... she deserves all the coin !
the first few seconds i thought it's one of liziqi videos
 liziqi so fake are you feel
Ramos got me hooked on Liziqi now...
Got this close to being really, deliciously sleepy, and then made myself laugh so fucking hard I nearly died. *queues up Li Ziqi*
Some unenhanced YouTube screenshots of the latest video from the Liziqi Channel, just for the beauty of it, composition, lighting etc... 
Me: Imma search for something in YT to have it in the background while I play AC. *hits play in a Liziqi video* 6 Liziqi videos later: 
 I'm going to make you watch Liziqi videos with me if you don't act a little nicer
I really love Liziqi's videos but I worry about letting myself watch them because I am not immune to propaganda, not even really, really, obvious propaganda.
who does it like liziqi??? 3 M views on a video in 1 day!
 the way i always put on li ziqi videos when im trying to keep ppl occupied because everyone always loves it
liziqi on youtube owns my heart ❤️❤️
Everytime i watch a Liziqi video i dread at how it doesn't have any moving frame and super sure she is filming maybe all by herself? So much work
 
Smell test: A stinky Chinese river snail noodle soup, Luosifen, has become all the rage in the country, thanks in part to a video from the always-enchanting YouTuber Liziqi. 
Liziqi though!
Liziqi, i am back to watch your youtube channel. 
I wrote about the biggest food trend in China and the fascinating backstory of its unexpected rise. Spoke with ’s company as the YouTube influencer is selling of her own brand
 What I'm saying is that during the Dragon Boat Festival, Li Ziqi's video was taken off the shelves. Chinese netizens speculated that it was Korean who reported Li Ziqi, because "Koreans want Dragon Boat Festival zongzi"（I'm sorry for they questioned it without any evidence）
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
6PM-ish Chat with friends online while checking Twitter Watched Liziqi update on Youtube Now watching Episode 2 of Carmel: Who Killed Maria Marta on Netflix
 in this year's Dragon Boat Festival, I heard that South Korean people reported the video of "making Dragon Boat Festival zongzi" by Chinese YouTuber"Li Ziqi" I'm not sure who reported it. Maybe someone is aggravating the conflict between China and South Korea
 Who needs therapy when you found Li Ziqi 
So, was wondering is there a way i can be notified when the Closed caption is available for subscribed channels? I really enjoy Liziqi's video's but I enjoy 10X more when the cc is there to give me information on translations....
Liziqi new video right after twice end ICSM promotion.. Mina sus 
liziqi uploaded the life of taro
 are you feel liziqi so fake
Nominate your best youtuber Liziqi
 let liziqi whisk you away 
liziqi i am asking for ur hand in marriage
 Liziqi vids are very relaxing ^_^
I Love Liziqi. I must have watched all her videos like three times. Something about the music that relaxes too...
 I’m a sucker for Chinese farming videos not just Li Ziqi. There’s one guy who makes me so mad because his videos imply he’s like… making a pan fried steak but the majority of the video is him making the pan he cooks the steak in. Which is like… he’s not wrong, just flexing 
was watching liziqi earlier...now i suddenly want to grow vegetables but its winter 
18. watching asmr-like videos (no talking). it can be food cooking, make up or stuff like liziqi
it's a rainy day and I have a fuzzy blanket and hades AND a new liziqi video just came out........ truly the optimal setup for a very chill morning
Li Ziqi in her new video: [fills a giant jar with cute round multicolored peppers] me: hell yes
I always like in Li Ziqi videos when she puts together a big jar of something steeps it in water or oil with fixin's to aesthetically ferment on a shelf
Omg liziqi new video is out lemme watch ☝
 Li Ziqi is not a reliable weathervane for govt policy... PRC MO continues to be urbanization, no longer of tier 1 cities but filling in smaller cities. There’s no “back to the countryside movement”
new Liziqi video  it's been 84 years 
LiZiqi posted a new video yayyy.
liziqi is back i’m crying :’)
Yeay liziqi upload video baruuu
Liziqi already upload her new videooooo!! I miss herrr!!
I'm ready to spend the rest of my life in a countryside after bingewatched JunsKitchen, Liziqi and Jonna Jinton on youtube.
 I think they are currently on reversing that trend shown by how Li Ziqi recognized by the government and Xi giving a term to 'rural nostalgia'. This is why 5G connection is important because that way people from rural area could have utilized the internet to work remotely.
no, maybe liziqi channel is the one that soothes me the most.
Liziqi combines cooking, photography, music and Chinese traditional life to create a beautiful series of videos. 
I wanna live like Liziqi!
Yep. All of nct channel, asmr, liziqi. I oftenly watch youtube for relaxxxx
I could never truly live like Li Ziqi as my extreme phobia of food poisoning and botulism prevents it 
Get this【YAMI Coupon】！Up to 50% off! Shop from 10K+ selections. Liziqi Liu Zhou Instant Rice Noodle 335g、OCAK Rose Strawberry Nuts Dry Snack Fru 
not my whole family basically watching liziqi as a pastime JEHNDNDND
What? Food? Yeah i saw liziqi cooked this flower.
 If the competition aspect wearies you (it does me) I warmly recommend 's Youtube channel. The food looks so amazing, the cinematography so beautiful, and the creator is utterly charming. 
who does the camerawork for liziqi i am interested in her process
 Watching Liziqi's YouTube channel offers a lot in terms of b-roll and different perspectives. 
li ziqi is the ultimate country girl
Liziqi's videos so therapeutic
Official Announcement from Liziqi Youtube Channel 
In Simple ways we can always find Beauty of LiFE! ♥️ Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 this is so specific. my oil take is that liziqi always uses a shitton of oil in her vids and it looks amazing. we could stand to use more oil it just needs to be better quality
watching liziqi in class i love this
Lijaka.. Liziqi's wannabe  Red Eden Rose 
 My YouTube happy place is Li Ziqi’s lifestyle videos. Similarly satisfying: 
the liziqi cloak video.....unparalleled
1. Liziqi- all her videos are so calming and serene- definitely my fave calming yt acct :) 
Nothing you can’t solve with a traditional Sichuan hot pot So true Liziqi
i wish i was liziqi
 throwin' pottery, book binding, Korean desserts, Liziqi, and lots of kitten rescue/fostering tho there is still a huge BA shaped hole in my heart....
 李子柒 Liziqi 13.1M subscribers subscribed
 I think Li Ziqi's life would be easier if she learned to code.
 Historical cooking. The Edwardian Farm, The Townsend's, Liziqi, The Victorian Kitchen Garden, The Victorian Way...
 I also regularly check Baumgartner restorations because the art nerd in me just vibes with that sort of thing. Idk if you’ve already found her, but Liziqi’s videos are gd masterpieces and I highly recommend them!
 Have you ever watched Li Ziqi videos? 
wouldn’t mind a longform about li ziqi right about now
Liziqi is really out there living my Harvest Moon dream... I feel attacked.
I think I'll spend my lunchtime escaping reality with some 李子柒 Liziqi videos today 
liziqi’s noodle brand 
 If I were you I would just shut off twitter and go enjoy a nice cute movie or watch some liziqi on youtube. Honestly nothing will be final tonight anyway
 In the dictionary the definition of Li Ziqi : Perfection
 The amount of americans constantly shitting on both chinese people and the chinese government on liziqi and videos from other creators like her is fucking astounding
Head empty, only: Liziqi/farmer-vlogger wwx taking care of Grandma Wen and a-Yuan. And ‘runaway’/escaping his family, filmmaker lwj, who ends up in a village hears that Grandma Wen’s grandson needs help with the house on the mountainside the vlogs. Lwj rents their extra room.
 I'm literally watching Liziqi's channel persevere my mental health but at the same time looking at the election live stream (go watch her videos and you will be amazed)
Welcome to Li Ziqi's beautiful and relaxing wonderland~
 liziqi is ccp 
 Li Ziqi if you aren’t already watching her!
Peanut and melon seeds, dried meat, dried fruit, snowflake cake - snacks for Spring Festival 
I'm gonna do some cleaning and watch some Liziqi and work on some of my WIPs and generally decompress.
I have. I streamed for more than 2 hours this afternoon. So now im going to watch that liziqi channel i found a few days ago to help me sleep 
Like I just watched this woman grow her own cotton make her own thread and then make a mattress BY HAND. What do we need men for? We only need liziqi.
I want to marry the lady on YouTube that makes videos of herself doing everything from scratch. Liziqi, wherever you are, I am available literally any time. Whenever you want, I am free. I will clear my schedule for you.
 If you haven't already, Liziqi on Youtube has some amazing stress-relieving videos. Love watching them, they are my happy place. ❤️
 Only for hate-watching, I've heard. I recommend Liziqi's videos if you want something soothing without talking. She makes everything from scratch, and it's super satisfying and calming. 
 Reminds me of the Liziqi channel. Here's a sample if you've never seen.. 
sure, liziqi is great, but have you heard of 키미 Kimi or Choki 
Probably a channel where she'd teach basic skills like cooking, very similar to Liziqi 
 you hate liziqi
Gonna self soothe with liziqi's youtube channel because I haven't fully come to terms with the possibility that it's Chinese propaganda
 I hope you don’t mind a video (and a long one at that), but liziqi’s videos on youtube are always so calming to watch for me!! she makes cooking and furniture building videos too, if you’re into that 
 
Watching and videos on YouTube before bed is a ritual I am proud of and satisfied with..
bruh if theres one thing that always makes me cry its listening to liziqi sing drowning sorrows
 ✨liziqi is the key✨
I romanticize the FUCK about of liziqi
 pls watch liziqi on youtube!!!
 -meaningful minimal -liziqi -kimi -jonna jinton -the cottage fairy
 I want to confess my sin. Yesterday morning i streamed for half an hour i guess, and then i added this random video from Liziqi Channel. And u know what... i ended up watching all video from that channel until night. I didnt stream K video at all.....
only li ziqi can make burning crayfish alive look dainty
only li ziqi can make carrying three trees through a forest look dainty
i love liziqi
Do you know about Liziqi? If not, just pick any one of these videos, turn on captions or not, and enjoy a life worth admiring.  
 The thing is most of the top YT’rs in the world are musicians with possibly the exception being Liziqi (who is Chinese). And, BTW, BTS is Korean while the incomparable is Chinese. Please remember that the next time you want to disparage somebody on Twitter.
If Li Ziqi reflects the best aspect of China's past, Qi Ge represents the great potential of China's future. A Chinese man with his dog tours around China in his self-designed RV. 
Look at how traditional bamboo furniture is made by hand Looks like no power tools at all Very cool! Youtube channel: Liziqi 
 Liziqi vids are a balm 
I am spending the remainder of my hangover on the couch watching liziqi videos and snacking everything. I will not be available for questions/comments at this time.
I want Liziqi's life!!! 
10 fav food youtube channels 1. junskitchen 2. maangchi 3. alex french guy cooking 4. liziqi 5. ethan chlebowski 6. quang tran 7. guga foods 8. not another cooking show 9. zach choi 10. babish culinary universe
 I was going to watch Liziqi and Odd Tinkering but I may have ended up watching the Beetlejuice the musical performance from the tonys... I am not regretting this choice 
 I'm still waiting for my cottagecore esque game set in the world of Asian village girl youtubers like Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge - with all the differences in farming, foraging, crafting, cooking, and interpersonal dynamics that entails
I wish I was liziqi
 depends of the content. but basically safiya, simplynaillogical, jun and rachel, natalia taylor I always watch them hehe I have habit of watching food content while I'm eating too it's usualy hari jisun, raphael gomes, tina's life, liziqi, dianxi
 has this person ever watched a li ziqi video in their life bc i swear she uses no fewer than like 6 methods of cooking in any given video
 I watch Asmr cooking videos by honeykki And aesthetic videos by liziqi Not much talking visual anu full kali. Then Joanna jinton Then my fairyland cottage Then Hermione Chantal Her 86 M2 Johanna North (madamma living in Kannur)
✎:Liziqi❁ཻུ۪۪ 
 oh my gosh my parents watch liziqi
 Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi are my faves on YouTube
watching li ziqi makes me want society to regress back to hunting and gathering
YUM - Liziqi makes her own DELICIOUS Tomato Ketchup! (李子柒 reaction) 
Came across this channel on YouTube. It’s like Liziqi or Dianxi Xiaoge, but make it Muslim and halal. 
Liziqi is a living proof that a multitasking asian princess who lives in a fairytale does exist and all her vids on youtube are soothing enough‍♀️
Li Ziqi for lullaby Jenn Im for gettin pumped up
 her laugh HEOQNEJWMMS i love these kinds of videos tho i wanna live like liziqi one day
liziqi cottagecore but make it chinese 
I'm selling [ready stock] Li ZiQi rice noddle 李... for .00. Get it on Shopee now! 
another example that i don't know anything: li ziqi, 13 million youtube subscribers, 30 million sina weibo followers ( 
 Guming Village（鼓鸣寨） is a Zhuang village closed to Nanning，the capital city of . Some of the buildings in the Village has over 100 years of history，you can tell by the ancient earthen walls! 
As I keep watching Li ZiQi videos, I am reminded how different my life would've been if I didnt immigrate. I'd still be on the farm. I wouldn't know english. I wouldn't know any of you.
Looking to speak to fans of Chinese cottagecore such as Li Ziqi, Dianxi Xiaoge, etc 
Watching Liziqi on Youtube is the best therapy I've undergone these days.
binge-watching liziqi videos or am i normal? her vids makes my anxiety go away. idk it’s calming
In honor of the last minutes of Venus in Virgo (AKA my Venus return!) Let us watch some wholesome content: Do you all know Liziqi's content? She gets millions of views but I havent seen her around here Enjoy  ‍♂️ 
Cooking with Roses by a talented Chinese Farmer: Elegant Relaxing The life of roses.玫瑰花的一生。丨Liziqi Channel 
 Except you gays and your music the only thing make me happy or satisfied is her live is my dream simple far from people my dream to have that live still one day Inchallah
 again - totally down, i just want a bunch of land to build a large garden on, keep chickens and my cats a la Liziqi
All I know is drink coffe and watch Liziqi channel
All day of watching Liziqi
 Something like that! Momther watching LiZiqi on the youtubes. She always be cooking taystee things!
 Making yourself a comfort food is always nice! You get something you enjoy, you can share it with other people, and it makes you feel productive for creating something. you could also have a show playing while you cook. Some liziqi has some really. nice calming videos on youtube.
 These people think Li Ziqi runs China secretly from her grandma's farm
 no i wish  i love li ziqi her life seems so peaceful, but to be honest the way we lived in the place where i grew up when i was little was very similar !! lots of growing our own food and such, watching her vids always makes me so nostalgic
Just poured a h e f t y glassof wine and I’m gonna watch Liziqi farm and make meals for her great grandma on YouTube until I knock tf out Monday
my youtube home every month or week always changed . sometimes kpop sometimes about plant and now about minimalist living, nature living like li ziqi and jonna jinton. maybe next week about kpop hahahha
If you need something that’s super chill but also amazing to watch I highly recommend Liziqi - some videos do include preparation of meats so if you aren’t ok with that maybe not - great quality food and diy videos and mega relaxing too! 
Watching Li Ziqi and seeing the colors braided in her hair, and now I can’t stop thinking about WWX, LWJ, WQ, WN JYL with colors braided in. Omg it would be so pretty. 
liziqi making ancient chinese makeup holy shit 
Watching Liziqi's videos ( 
 and i just stayed up til 6am in vc watching liziqi videos
LMAO They made Lai Meiyun look like Li Ziqi only for her to make a ..... burger...... 
 reminds me of Liziqi's videos cuz she uses the same bg music 
This girl Liziqi looks like a fictional character from Disney.
 I do - but if we’re honest all I use it for is to watch Liziqi videos as I fall asleep.
i'm tired of living in a society i want the life that Liziqi has
How did I not know about Liziqi on YouTube? The videos are so peaceful and interesting. 
Liuzhou "Luosifen": Slurpy, Spicy, and Absolutely Satisfying | Liziqi Ch... 
The life of purple rice, pumpkins, and … peanuts丨Liziqi Cha... 
omg and the fact she is so good at so many different things. I only spend time with older people so I can absorb whatever they r good at and honestly I think it's safe to say I want to be like liziqi when I'm older
Nessie, fadil, liziqi, ewing, so many.
One word: Liziqi
Liziqi and Dianxi are my most fav YouTubers when it comes to cooking, lifestyle, farming, gardening, nature and i always wait for their videos.. without their videos (and Sunotube ofc) my YT would be boring af 
Your fav YouTubers who do videos like Liziqi and Dianxi  Imagine them make videos or picking wild fruits, mushrooms hunting, planting vegetables and then harvest them and cook... i'm melting already  
 Yass I do love liziqi and haegreendal 
Ever dreamed of living an idyllic life near a mega city? In Huanghu Village in Wuhan, you can live a Chinese YouTuber Li Ziqi’s idyllic life by playing the traditional Chinese Guqin, making thread-bound Chinese books, or painting on Chinese folding fans. 
 nonton liziqi for a better life
watch liziqi video is healing
Ok I’m still not over Liziqi’s videos  I’m now inspired to do gardening. Also it’s like... she wanted to bake stuff, so she MADE her own clay oven wtffff. This is my fav video of hers btw, and the first I saw: 
3. Liziqi videos on youtube — I’m super obsessed omg. How is she able to do everything??? Farm, weave baskets, embroidery, make furniture, cook — was on a binge to watch ALL the videos, but then I realized I don’t want to run out of her videos so I’m taking a break 
Liziqi magical video - liziqi Making a dress with grape skins, what kind... 
Just discovered Liziqi a few days ago. Blood pressure up? Pop this on for 10 minutes and enjoy the life cycle of a tomato. Angry at everything? Solves that, too. Just watch her harvest okra. Want to cry constantly? Enjoy this lady building a bamboo fence.
If you're in need of some cottagecore videos with beautiful pictures and a lady with a soothing voice and you've watched all of Liziqi's already, check out Fairyland Cottage. Niamh lives in Ireland and it's exactly what it sounds like. 
Absolutely obsessed with Liziqi’s cooking videos. 
 i really love Liziqi... 
 Anyone here saw Liziqi? 
Does anyone over here watch Liziqi's YouTube channel?.
The TOP 1 Chinese influencer at According to the best marketing platform: SocialBook, she has Total followers：13.0m and Total views. 1.9b 
I keep getting Chinese adverts but considering all I do is play legend of phoenix, watch liziqi and mdzs am I really surprised
 Liziqi is my personal hero
 Crafsman, Liziqi, tons of artists, and videos about how to take care of fish and planted fish tanks are my favorite things to watch
 Li ziqi.. She's so famous.. Kuddos to her to cook everything from scratch
CAN CONFIRM! Liziqi is likely one of the most wholesome, relaxing AND informative channels out there, and she does so with little to no spoken word involved. Sub to this channel and thank me after you binge watch literally every video she's ever made.
 AAAAAAAAAAAA WE LOVE LIZIQI! Her cooking and crafting skills are legendary, I'd love to be able to meet her some day.
 Suddenly occurs to me that Li Ziqi conjures up a lot of this style in her videos.
The Supreme Sovereign of All in the future would be Liziqi channel but the farmer is just the beginning.
The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
Have you guys seen Liziqi's videos? The peaceful life of just creating something with and in nature. I want that peace. My mum won't even let me explore hobbies smh.
 This is why I don't know how real LiZiqi's garden is but I'm in awe anyway 
the sensory excellence that is liziqi’s youtube channel
Free Bassils of Julie br Pangaribuan XVI, what is it? Even what's Teresa Nrg phone they told me, lil' sister. These are codes for u : Classics Basil Pesto. Avocados. Italian - Japan Cuisine. Mentor of Arts Centre. Embroidery. The Life of Cotton Liziqi (I will merry this girl).
 WAIT IT WAS ??? SKDFJSKX I COULDNT REMEMBER I WAS JUST WATCHING LIZIQI EATING WITH HER GRANDMA AND THE NECT THING I KNEW IT WAS 7AM SKDNCXJK
since i watched all of liziqi's videos i've been watching the british bake-off and GOSH i'm invested
now i am,,,watching liziqi,,,, 
For millions, Chinese internet star Li Ziqi's videos of her tranquil rural life are a calming escape. Here's why. 
 liziqi so fake
i love in liziqi's videos when you see her use/wear stuff she made in past episodes........
 I was thinking about you ( li ziqi) the moment you posted this 
 May I add something similar to Liziqi with a plus big doggo named Dawang Dianxi Xiaoge
Basically curing my depression with Liziqi youtube videos  
 Chinese Cooking Demystified Grandpa Kitchen Liziqi City Life Meal Camping Hankki Saudi Food Eman Haachama Cooking
i think my favorite part of Liziqi videos is how she handles the knife like an absolute menace 
Liziqi's life is everyone's dream life 
best youtuber of the year : Liziqi. valid no debat.
 If it’s Liziqi I’ve already been there. 
Like a breath of fresh air... Regardez "李子柒 Liziqi" sur YouTube 
 What happened to YouTube allowing Communist China youtubers like Liziqi who has 13M subscribers using VPN to broadcast outside behind the internet wall? She and her team made so much US from western world advertisements. 
 Add music and this is Liziqi youtube channel vibes
So, I need Liziqi before sleep
for now i can only watch liziqi and admire her incredibly massive wok
Music doesn’t really work for me to study to, but holy shit does Liziqi work. It’s music, but with white noise sounds as well. And occasional talking but because I don’t speak the language it just washes over my brain. Like it engages my mind juuuust enough that I can work to it
Looks like Liziqi
（年夜大餐）NYE dinner, wish you all happy and health|Liziqi channel 
 hai liziqi,I am your fan and I am from Indonesia
Oki so uh subscribe to liziqi her content is rlly aesthetically pleasing and super soothing :] yeeeee 
Living Big In A Tiny House Liziqi JunsKitchen truly save the world  
 I watch Liziqi but there are many others like her. 
 Is this Li Ziqi the Video Game?
 liziqi, cooking tree, bore.d
let me get into a liziqi video marathon
 Coba Liziqi channel Naaj, she never fails me :D
「李子柒Liziqi」Fan Meeting (Thank you, I love you all) 
i finally found a liziqi video where what's Actually Being said is subtitled and FUCK i wish other ppl that subtitle her videos did that bc my enjoyment level is at like a million percent rn
u ever just watch li ziqi and cry
 Li Ziqi makes the coolest videos on all of YouTube, in my opinion
[FoodPolitics] The life of Cabe Besar (veggie). For this plant, they still called it as a tree. Pohon Lombok it's in NKRI Language. More of it more spicy, if put it in SteveO eye, they won't blinded you. Proven.  Liziqi, will you marry me? The cheersable girl in the village.
 My guilty pleasure is really enjoying Danny Duncan’s stuff, and going on weird rabbit holes like Criminal Psychology, Liziqi etc.
 i'm watching liziqi on youtube!! she does videos of daily life in rural china. she cooks, makes clothes, stuff like that. she never talks directly to the camera n it's very pleasant i haven't seen this one yet but it looks nice so take it 
 ohh elisa do u know the youtube channel li ziqi its literally all i want whenever i think abt traditional/farming poc aesthetics
Have just spent 1+ week at mum and dad’s, most evenings with mama in the sofa watching Li Ziqi build bamboo fences, bind baskets, deep fry potatoes, make wild mushroom oil, harvest flowers and chill with her grandma. If you haven’t seen her videos yet: YouTube now!
Li Ziqi just made mattress for her grandma with an organic cotton seeds that she planted and harvested herself in the wood I hate my life. 
[ One Li Ziqi's video a day, keeps dizziness away. ]
 I watch her videos too, along with liziqi's one
 Liziqi, someone told me to watch this. But both are amazing i guess.
It's okay the goal is to retire early and then go to ngawi build my own small town gal community while slowly becoming liziqi
Watching Li Ziqi make a mattress out of cotton from scratch for her grandma made me so emotional I need a minute 
i cant believe nobody made a liziqi fancam yet
Me after watching 3 hours straight of Liziqi
 I've been following liziqi for quite sometimes I love her channel she is doing a great job
 I do extremely wild makeup !! Or I look at baking videos or watch the lego movie or watch Liziqi on youtube !!
back watching liziqi and her fairytale life
 l absolutely love all of Li Ziqi’s videos, they’re so relaxing and really interesting! I always feel a little better after watching... Nyangsoop and choki are also two people who make really nice and beautiful videos, they’re basically my go-to when I want to chill and smile haha
“Liziqi Channel——Official Announcement Recently on several accounts, my videos have been copied and posted by other bloggers, to avoid unnecessary trouble, so I am here to declare, this is my only official Youtube channel, thank you to everybody suppo… / 
Or moved into country side with not much of "perbandaran" go with Liziqi kind of life style Tenang gila hidup♥️
Someone tell me to stop watching li ziqi and go to sleep
help... liziqi getting comments about being ccp propaganda on her video about making food with rose petals dfkjnfgkjdfsggfdfggsdf
 Thanks! Any recommendations on the spices? I watch Dianxi Xiaoge and Li Ziqi on YouTube, and they use things I recocignize like star anise and dried orange peel, but there are others I don't know the English translations of, or the pinyin, so I can't find them at the supermarket.
i am not kidding when i say the thought of xie lian after book 5 is youtuber liziqi made me cry
 suruh tengok youtube channel Liziqi really worth watching 
 omg the8 collab w liziqi he can dance in the background while she does things
Does anyone here watches Liziqi videos on YouTube?? 
I just wanna be Liziqi step sister
Martha, October, and the magic of Li Ziqi – A Letter to the Midwest 
Uh-oh... I’ve fallen down the Liziqi rabbit hole. Simultaneously restful, ASMR and hectic as she never seems to put her feet up. 
Liziqi videos are legit so soothing to watch, they almost (almost) make me want to live in nature and be self-sufficient yknow? I feel like I’d be more at peace there w/ less technology and more manual tasks
Martha, October, and the magic of Li Ziqi – A Letter to the Midwest 
Martha, October, and the magic of Li Ziqi – A Letter to the Midwest 
nessie judge, liziqi, miawaug
New post: Martha, October, and the magic of Li Ziqi – A Letter to the Midwest 
Guys i need you to watch Liziqi's videos on youtube. I swear you guys gonna love her as much as i do.
Granny Li is the most enigmatic and egregiously powerful figure in the Liziqi cinematic universe. Her raw physical strength is rivaled only by Ziqi herself and she has been known to fell entire mountains in her insatiable fits of rage. She is not to be fucked with. 
 Yes, Li Ziqi's videos are very calming! Have you seen the cooking videos from Dianxi Xiaoge? Her videos are great aswell! 
Li Ziqi's videos bring peace. And have inspired to cook new things! 
let me talk about Liziqi, Dianxi, and others similiar-type youtube channel
 Liziqi and Baumgartner Restoration are my go to channels for relaxing.
Today I unearthed my new favorite sensory experience, which is to sit by an open window while it gently rains with coffee baklava and watch a steady stream of Liziqi videos (highly recommend the one where she harvests shiitake mushrooms from the mountains in the mist)
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
2020 is really smth. Banyak tabiat lama aku buang. Lagi-lagi bila dekat SNS. I don't watch people statuses on WhatsApp. Uninstalled Messenger. Rarely surpass 30 minutes on Instagram. Easily get bored when scrolling down FB's newsfeed. YT? Only for Liziqi.
Do you know Liziqi's channel? It's the most soothing thing ever 
If you haven't already wasted multiple 20+ minutes of your time watching Li Ziqi amass a nation-sized garden well boi are u missing out
Man I watch a few liziqi videos and I'm like "damn I can cook anything" and go make a bagel with cream cheese and jam
Watched three Li ZiQi videos in a row tonight. I advise you to do the same! I started with the purple rice. 
i'd really love to start on the zydencrew outfits but i just stared at the open file like a zombie for 20 minutes before giving up. idk let's watch some liziqi and then nap
A Liziqi yt video a day will definitely make you realize that there is so much to look forward and be grateful for in life ☺️
Fefeeling Li Ziqi. Went to harvest the Roselle in farm to make some good drinks! 
I belive in Liziqi supremacy 
 for therapeutic, calm, and shit i recommend you liziqi
 did u just feel in the ether that i was drawing w liziqi on in the background????
 why liziqi so fake real china was so dirty and no freedom
She lives in Yunnan province, China. Compare to Shenzhen or Shanghai’s modern city life, her videos of her life with her granny attract so many around the world. The life of purple rice, pumpkins, and … peanuts丨Liziqi Cha... 
Liziqi Channel is everything.
and when i marry liziqi and go live a beautiful life with her making everything we consume.....then what????
 watch calming vids ig liziqi's channel on youtube helps me a lot
 I love liziqi. I hate the joker
Wellness Stans: How Li Ziqi Challenges Me to Reignite My Own Creativity 
 you hate liziqi and chinese woman
Damn this dude wanna protect liziqi
 i use to watch liziqi's vid on youtube it helps me relax and i soon feel sleepy try it out if want☺️
I love liziqi's channel/content so much it's sooo calming
Nobody’s life is perfect but Li Ziqi’s videos sure make it seem like that’s possible
Watching Liziqi videos and pretending I live on her farm 
Liziqi traditionell chinesisch zum calming downen - dieser channel  
Wish list : exploring liziqi's garden 
 OH MY GOD LIZIQI BABYYYYYYYYY I LOVE HER TO A VERY UNHEALTHY AMOUNT. I HAVE WATCHED . EVERY. SINGLE. VIDEO. EVER. OF HER. I’m obsessed
Lemme catch up with Liziqi videos hold on it's been half a year... relaxashun
Are you tired of being stuck inside in the city? The YouTube videos give you a glimpse into a more tranquil life. 
This Chinese girl Liziqi. I don’t know who she is and how she is the way she is. But I dare anyone to provide anything as soothing and as beautiful on YouTube as her videos. She’s somehow both a farmer, handyman and traditional Chinese food cook 
Really I would want yibo to marry someone like Liziqi....
How on earth does Liziqi so good and amazing at everything? How do i give all my love for her? She deserve all the love in the world 
Wellness Stans: How Li Ziqi Challenges Me to Reignite My Own Creativity 
 I've been a little obsessed with Li Ziqi lately, it's a relaxing combo of self-sufficient farm to table cooking, and crafting too. 
Li Ziqi and her crew of 50 workers continue to produce outstanding videos: 
asmr channel who liziqi still wins
got addicted watching her videos..its so healing and calming.... 
i forgot sebtin. im watching liziqi life of a tomato video. wow i didnt notice the time
（面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
Just found Liziqi Channel. So calm and peaceful. My new stess reliever ‍♀️ 
don’t know how i ended up horny on shift 3 twitter but like i was just vibing watching my Liziqi videos like always and idk maybe i was jus so at peace it got me going 
 who lives in a mountain by herself? mitha, yeah yeah heah liziqi?
 
Liziqi is the best youtuber
getting lost on the Liziqi youtube channel as one does
anyways liziqi posted a new vid  what a goddess 
Trying to work as hard as Liziqi
Liziqi be my gf challenge
 There are many farmer youtubers in China, such as Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. For English speaker, I think the channel named Miriam in China is good as well.
white girls wanna be cottagecore so bad until they get there they can never be liziqi
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
watching liziqi videos to relieve my stress. 
How to be Liziqi...
How to be Liziqi and have no worries with climate crisis and omnibus law?
How to be Liziqi?
I’m watching liziqi again ♥️
oh to be liziqi and wear a grape dress in the mountains is all I want to be
Liziqi our goddess
Guys I am serious rn if you are tired/stressed/bad mood please check liziqi's channel. Her videos are really great. I was in a bad mood before, being overthinking but now I feel so much better after watching her video, it's hella good, calming and healing ✨
"She appears to make everything from scratch, going as far as hatching baby ducklings and raising them just to make a sauce from egg yolk"... behind the scenes with Li Ziqi, the vlogger from Sichuan putting an Ang Lee-style spin on self-sufficiency: 
Liziqi has a new vlog! Happy!!!!
im literally never not thinking about liziqi and dianxi xiaoge i hope they're happy and doing good
Liziqi's recent vid is trending at 25  
 Understandable. I distract myself by watching Liziqi videos on YouTube. Works every time.
Someone has to ask Li Ziqi to adopt me asap
one day yall r gonna listen when i say stan liziqi
Liziqi’s food always looks so delicious like ghibli/anime food come to life but somehow better
If y’all want sustainable escapism please check out Liziqi on YouTube. I adore her!
Liziqi new video  
If you never watched Liziqi handmake some shit at her mountain ranch you missing out 
 I recently had the immersion breaking realisation that Li Ziqi is /not actually good at cooking/ that's why there's hardly any shots of her chopping stuff and no ingredients lists  So I prefer to watch her farming and crafting content, but go to DXXG for food vids 
6) Rural Chinese cottagecore is one of my fave youtube subtypes! The user "Liziqi" is my personal favourite though 
Why I like planting is mainly because of Liziqi
Liziqi on YouTube. That’s it that’s the tweet
Li Ziqi demonstrates Han Dynasty foodways for a living. Worth paying attention to for those interested in reordering life to its basics 紫米南瓜的一生…，还有花生 
Anyway I have recommended Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge before but you should also watch Mrs Crocombe 
（面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
i'm at peace watching liziqi's recent upload while playing w harmony roller
I’ve been watching Liziqi on YouTube for so long, recently she start showing by planting 1 ingredients can become a lot of dishes in her province. What amaze me in her video is... she germinate her plant seed in a unique way. I never saw it before from other Youtuber.
I have discovered Liziqi on YouTube and I am entranced by her videos. Honestly feels like a studio ghibli film but real life  
 I get like this often and I’ve found that watching Liziqi on YouTube helps me feel whole and grounded again
liziqi channel always give me some peace of minds especially in this horrible year
if nobody got me i know li ziqi got me
If you haven't already discovered Liziqi on youtube you must. So peaceful and fascinating. A glimpse into the traditional way of doing things in Szechuan, China. 
how gagged would u be if Ms. Li Ziqi served u this 
Liziqi uploaded a new video. yeay. happy sunday everyone! ♥
Even Liziqi posted something new today, I am really fed.
 Better having dinner with liziqi than her
Binge watching Liziqi with my 10yo dtr. Seriously relaxing and in her words “So satisfying” 
some people wait for their hogwarts letters. i wait for liziqi to invite me to dinner.
Liziqi on YouTube is a must 
Farm to table: I just love Li Ziqi's tranquil, meditational videos of living off the land in rural mountainous China. But I have to wonder, why is she not like the Hulk with all the crops she harvests and carries by herself? 
I straight up summoned a new Li Ziqi video 
 And if I'm not in the mood to listen to music, I'll go watch some videos of Li Ziqi(ilovehersomuch), or some ambiences (It's my trump card if I really have no way out of it ).
Liziqi videos are very therapeutic and calming.
 my love ♡ 
liziqi my queen just posted new video
I'm selling [ready stock] 2 BOXES LiZiQi李子柒藕粉 ，snack... for . Get it on Shopee now! 
 Discover -style paddy fields in Lingchuan County，. Jutian village（聚田村） in Lingchuan is known for the paddy fields surrounded by karst mountains. Now the paddy fields went into the best viewing season as the paddy fields turned to gold. 
Liziqi on YouTube is wife goals, I don't care what anyone thinks
Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge are hunting this woman  
 Li Ziqi has a video on her making traditional Chinese makeup and she makes the lipstick paper by reapplying colorant (taken from rose petals) onto paper until it's oversaturated. :3
If anyone can make it in our global climate apocalypse it would be Liziqi
 you know, im not sure i have told you, but ive been in/around beijing. did go to a more rural place, with a farm and an elementary school, they were really nice, but it was a lot more arid than where li ziqi lives. and yeah, shes kind of like a perfect being, isnt she? gorgeous
 wtf i discovered li ziqi like 10 minutes ago too. the vids really are so ghibli-esque
 men commenting shit like "i wish she were my wife. every man wants a wife like her" on li ziqi's yt videos: get away from her. get a job
My little sister told me about Li Ziqi, and I’ve become a fan.
If you have not seen Chinese mountain food and lifestyle YouTuber 李子柒 Li Ziqi, you are in for a tranquil delicious treat. 
 Lmaoooo weaving our own ponchos  Liziqi is the real deal
I'm selling [ready stock] Two boxes LiZiQi李子柒藕粉... for .90. Get it on Shopee now! 
my boyfriend is Ryouya from Peaceful Cuisine and my girlfriend is Liziqi that's how I live happily in my head with wonderful people who show me beautiful things in the world and who don't try to tell me how to live my life.
Cupcakke is for me what Li Ziqi is for others
All I need is a new Li Ziqi vid.
LiZiqi is the best youtube channel ever. Cured my anxiety. The power she holds omg 
 Omg i love that channel too! Do you watch Li ziqi?
I'm selling [ready stock] two boxes LiZiQi李子柒藕粉... for .90. Get it on Shopee now! 
 Li ziqi probably spent 75% of her time on her computer editing her vids haha
Even as China has recently been criticized by international media for political reasons, Chinese culture has gained much attention around the world. Learn more about the phenomenal Li Ziqi and Grandpa Amu on Meho! 
I can have a lil blunt and an hour of liziqi videos... As a treat
never thought i'd need li ziqi yt channel in my life
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Unable to resleep im just scrolling thru liziqi and savoury days kitchen channels to torture myself
every time i watch any of Liziqi's videos on youtube, i just want to move to a remote village and manage a farm. Taeyong, let's raise chickens and dogs together....
Liziqi. She's the real Hayday ✨ 
Sometimes, I wanna be Liziqi or Dianxi Xiaoge❤️
 They're such a vibrant yellow. I saw a similar breed on Liziqi and when I found the seeds on a website, I had to get them
I should watched Li Ziqi vid weeks after, becoz a kind soul puts eng subtitle. Hehe. A pot of wine among watermelon 
Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi are really out here living the life I wanna live
Liziqi on Youtube is my new favorite channel ‍ 
I’m subscribed to over 2k people on YouTube  I fucks hard with it. Lmk if you guys got some good recommendations. My all time faves are melodysheep Mr nightmare liziqi Jaymes mansfield riddle and animal wire
 Liziqi is so nice to watch
We're still looking for some answers to queries on Li Ziqi, Street Dance of China 3 and Daleks: Invasion Earth 2150 AD (1966) - take a look if this might be you! 
I watch liziqi's videos every single day cause she's living the productive life I failed to give myself dhjdkdkdkd
My current fav YT cooking channels - Dianxi Xiaoge (magical rural landscape) Liziqi (same as above) Maangchi (friendly host) Hidamari Cooking (beautiful presentation) Your Food Lab (brilliant videography) One Meal a Day (simple dishes) No, I don't make any dish. :p 
For overseas diners, this means you can eat Chinese Cuisine even if you don't have to travel to China. Including the foods you have seen in LiZiqi's video or a bite of China. 
For reference this is Liziqi (whom I’m helplessly in love with) 
Head empty just thinking about modern wangxian rogue cultivators-cum-YouTubers au but they’re like Liziqi just being husbands gardening and making food and clothing and building everything from scratch and sitting down for dinner and playing their duets oh no I’m 
One of China's most popular social media stars is Lǐ Zǐqī 李子柒. Her videos depict the 'dreams of the countryside', cooking dishes from basic and locally grown ingredients and making handcrafts using traditional Chinese techniques. 
 Liziqi A wonder woman, have a look
 Step one : search liziqi youtube Step two: pick one of her videos Step three: lie back and watch and listen Step four: zzzz. For example 
 Ive been watching Dianxi Xiaoge , which led to Liziqi. Xiaoge primarily focuses on food which is my jam. The comments section in both channels can be very...yike.
Liziqi's youtube channel is currently the very very thin barrier between me and a mental breakdown
(continued) -jybh012 -李子柒 Liziqi all of these ive followed for a while and recently ive added some c-media fansubber or official eng versions of chinese channels but still. im never on there looking at anything but music or liziqi's incredible mountain nature life vids.
if anyone is looking for peaceful videos to take them as far away from reality as possible but they've already watched all of liziqi's videos, i recommend Dianxi Xiaoge and Traditional Me, who make incredible chinese and indian dishes from scratch, usually with/for their family
My favorite cooking channel have to be Liziqi.. There is no question. Everything looks stunning and you just space out with how stunning it all is. Please do yourself a favor and check her out 
 Chinese ppl don't believe you hypocrites. Only days ago you were whining about China's carbon emission. So should every one of them become Li Ziqi?
how is liziqi that talented and ethereal im in love w her
 Anything by LiZiQi, one of the few Chinese people allowed to publish on YT (wonder why... ;))
Yung kay Liziqi yung fave ko. That woman is GOAT  she could do everything 
liziqi calms me so much
 watch liziqi videos. her videos always make me feel calm and happy! hope you feel better soon 
i'm gonna start farming and start a new life like liziqi's
If you're interested in Chinese food and culture, I'd like to recommend an extraodinary popular Youtube channel to you called 李子柒Li Ziqi, the leading girl's name, under which 12.7M people have subscribed worldwide! Here's the link below: 
 I KNEW THIS WAS GOING TO BE A LIZIQI VID XD
Just learned Liziqi 李子柒 has released a food line including the trendy river snail noodles that I have been loving in quarantine. Her videos have been some of my favorite content to watch: she cooks everything from SCRATCH, like she plants the rice. 
 do you hear that? that’s the sound of me screaming because that’s the best compliment ive ever received because i love liziqi and i watch her videos all the time! she’s an inspiration ❤️
Li Ziqi, a Chinese food and country-life blogger with tens of millions of followers, creates breathtakingly beautiful food handicraft preparation videos in rural Sichuan, with basic ingredients and tools using traditional Chinese techniques. 
now i wanna live in the mountains and do every shts from scratch like liziqi 
miss li ziqi on youtube..... if you read this, i’m free on thursday night and would like to hang out. please respond to this and then hang out with me on thursday night when i’m free. 
 There's a Chinese YouTube star named Li Ziqi who is very soothing.
 I started watching Liziqi cook. it's not terribly long, but it's a comfort 
 My favorite is Li Ziqi’s Instagram account, from the mountains of Sichuan, China. So peaceful, beautiful almost wordless 
30. Dianxi Xiaoge, Binging with Babish and Liziqi (yes they are all about food and lifestyle).
Sunday mornings are for coffee and Liziqi.
 Noel farm, liziqi, dianxi
that time my mom and i were watching liziqi and she was like “god, i love the idea of women living together in the wild and being independent” and i was like 
 liziqi for lyfe
Liziqi’s grandma to whatever she makes for dinner 
I watch Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge, too 
okk im now addicted to liziqi and dianxi xiaoge vids ‍♀️
watching liziqi is so therapeutic
I wanted to watch liziqi videos to relax before bed but now it's 2 am and I'm looking up bamboo steamers on am/azon
 have you ever watched some Liziqi videos ?They are really soothing 
when i say cottage core i mean living a life like liziqi that woman is just amazing
liziqi’s yt videos are so relaxing
 Have you ever watched Liziqi? Very similar. I want to live her life lol
I’m no Li Ziqi and it took me three and a half hours to make just 12...but happy 中秋节   
u ever up at 3:32am questioning your life whilst watching liziqi
 her name is liziqi and she makes GORGEOUS cooking videos, shes from china I can’t exactly remember where and I LOVE HER VIDEOS SM also some of them have captions, some dont 
 The only reason I have a Twitter account is to chat with you Li Ziqi. Unfortunately, I talk to myself only, with a few listeners, since I have no reply and also have less and less videos from you. Good thing I subscribed to your YouTube channel. I love this old video. 
dianxi xiaoge and liziqi have really saved my life this year.
 Nothing beats 
I will literally eat whatever Liziqi cooks for me 
 Liziqi be like I know a place then builds it
Interesting 李子柒 Li Ziqi, may be in trouble over mooncakes which have "Tiananmen", "Hua Biao" and other patterns. According to an intellectual property lawyer they are suspected of violating the Advertising Law. How did she fall out of favour? Happy Mid-Autumn Festival. 
I think I prefer to so far. Dawang probably has something to do with it  
i want to be liziqi’s grandma
liziqi the woman you are today .
The life of roses.玫瑰花的一生。丨Liziqi Channel 
 saving the innocent HUMANS until the flood that I will do nothing more only for LIZIQI and only for jesus LIZIQI she lived among the FOX spirit in those ancient times the FOX spirit withn me remembers her SOUL SO I WILL DO IT FOR HER
I just want you all to know that I successfully conditioned myself to fall asleep to a specific type of video on YouTube. Trouble sleeping, turn it on and within 30 secs-2 minutes I’m unconscious. Truly my best life hack yet. (Channel is Liziqi)
Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge videos help me calm down and relax for bed every day. Top comfort watching.
how is it that li ziqi is casually living the dream life and also makes cinematic masterpieces for fun
 Liziqi doesn’t talk in her videos but she’s v famous her videos are amazing. She lives in the chinese countryside and grows/makes everything from scratchhh
Nino's home, Kish vlogs, tasty, liziqi, hanse, safiya nygaard, simply nailogical
take a break from your life and Meet Chinese online star Li Ziqi, whose rural life comforts millions-video offers unrivaled luxurious stunny beauty 
Liziqi’s videos are so therapeutic ‍♀️
My YouTube suggestions now consists entirely of liziqi-type videos from all over the world and I’m pleased
 uhmm just a few HCs for your wangxian li ziqi AU except....this is from dianxi xiaoge. I imagine lwj making tofu. Those arm muscles! 
"The river-snail noodle, or Luosifen, is an iconic dish in Liuzhou, known for its pungent smell." Found out yesterday that Internet sensation Li Ziqi had a line of instant food you can order online, so I ordered a few, with this as the most interesting pick. 
liziqi is responsible for a large movement of cottagecore housewife youtubers across asia. Thank you liziqi you made a difference.
 liziqi ma queen. though watermelon peel was a joke until she cooked it fo real or maybe she was inspired 
i want to go live with li ziqi for a year so i can learn everything she knows and turn off my phone while i do it 
watching li ziqi rn...... god it sucks to watch other people live out your dreams
The devil works hard but liziqi works harder
my grandma is angry she just wants to watch li ziqi LMAOOOO
 Liziqi live in Yunmeng, Lotus Pier. Legit truth 
 her and li ziqi have very good channels
 can I be shameless and say myself? lmao  (joking I'm terrible) But I think currently my favourites are Liziqi and 냥숲nyangsoop. I really recommend their channels it's super relaxing 
Inspired by Li ziqi and her production team
 wwx just other cousin from li ziqi
all i want is to live like li ziqi 
Can’t believe I’ve watched all Li Ziqi’ video 
Fav youtuber yang terlintas dalam kepala rn Weeb stuff - Kampung life - Dianxi Xiago, Liziqi Musical geek - Dress historian - Bernadette Banner Makeup - Pony Syndrome Exercise - Chloe Ting Indian street food - Aamchi Mumbai
DIY COOKING ON POT CLAY:CORNY SHRIMP RECIPE (FT LIZIQI 李子柒) PARODY pinoy version 
1.Liziqi,Dianxi Xiaoge Sincook=Cooking/gardening 2.Jolly Korean Englishman=Culture 3.Odg,Solfa,Hi-teenagers,Y pictures Cut=Discussion/people experiences 4.Ondo,planD,Soso,Jihyunkkung,Zoe,Cafeslave Jun,Hongjun,Sagun Caffeine,Nebokgom Aisyah Habshee=vlog/cafe vlog 5.Gotoe=kpop
 iChang - Cooking - Sebab cute! Liziqi - Gardening - Therapeutic Jason Rupp - Barber - Satisfying weh BeerForBreakfast - Travel JetLagWarriors - Travel TheFutur - Creative Business
Thinking about her... 
I want Li Ziqi’s life so bad  
Tasty gives me new ideas Liziqi calms me
Tasty Liziqi Best Ever Food Review Show
been watching liziqi videos for the past like 24 hours i hate yearning
liziqi and planD are my fav youtubers for now :D their contents are healing for me and good for me to eat veggies haha
done watching all vlogs of Li Ziqi 
 I'd like to add that prior the Covid19 outbreak there were people that gained online fame in a similar manner, because these videos offer an escape from a hectic urban life. For anyone interested they could look for Li Ziqi (recommended) or this link: 
omggg liziqi’s silk video 33 so cute
Liziqi's channel on YouTube is top tier escapism.
egg dumplings! I learned this one from li ziqi 
3. 李子柒 liziqi 
deep down we all want to live like liziqi
After watchin' Liziqi I feel like I'm the laziest and the most useless person on Earth.
Might interest you ⁦⁩ Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life | South China Morning Post 
Wellness Stans: How Li Ziqi Challenges Me to Reignite My Own Creativity 
Date idea we watch Liziqi together and fall asleep before 11pm
 ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤ月 ━━━━ 〔 ☾  〕 : li ziqi! idk if yknow her pero i do really find her videos calming plus the way she uses her daily life as her content is somehow nakaka-inspire to think na everything she and her lola eats are most from their garden. ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
 Have you watched the Liziqi channel? It's not exactly the same as those two but it's the same kind of pleasantly relaxing way to pass time.
 Lethal wildlife is the one thing that keeps me away from cottagecore. But tbh I think the idea of cottagecore started as an inspiration from liziqi's videos? It's just an itching sensation I have
The life of roses. Liziqi Channel. 
Okay, Liziqi is truly a cultural ambassador. I stan her so hard. ✨✨✨
 I wonder how lucky Li ziqi is!
 i really enjoy liziqi, shes a chinese youtuber nd she makes a bunch of food from scratch straight from her garden it's so cool,, plus her videos are so relaxing and aesthetically pleasing I legit can watch her for hours
 JK um.... iu? anne hathaway,,,, liziqi,,, idk just lots of women 
 on : Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
hello u’re bored ? okai gottu !! watch liziqi’s vlog ! i swear it’s so calming _ ♡︎!
imagine devoting any time towards being a liziqi sceptick
 Try Duck Duck Go. It's a browser extension that 'erases' your tracks. Y'know how everything you look at on Google shows up everywhere else? Like how I love Li Ziqi on YouTube. With Chrome, I'm shown tons of ads for Chinese stuff. Nada with DDG. They don't track. I recommend.
Aww my og Liziqi and Dianxi Xioage and Dawang 
 oh reminds me of liziqi. i've seen her videos before +found out theres a few like her on yt. the videos are rly calming  i always wonder if they're only selfsufficient or if they also do a bit of a farm/agriculture thing to provide for the region.
 Liziqi!!! Everyone's fav farm girl
 liziqi?? love her!!!
 Is it liziqi? Her videos are so soothing 
 It has nothing to do with Liziqi. But honestly, yup I've ever watched her youtube channel. She is a such amazing woman who inspires another women to love and live harmoniuosly with the nature, I guess 
 You must see liziqi channel, she plants grape by herself
i got the tencent video app to stream scum villain but ?! liziqi is on tencent video??!!!  omg i love her
the soup base to blanch sliced mutton in freezing days|Liziqi channel 
Li Ziqi is a perfect example of looking to the past to learn to live a more happy and fulfilled life. We expect technology to bring us happiness but true happiness comes from our connection to the world: animals, nature, and other people. 
Speaking of people who are clearly present in their lives; I have been non stop enjoying Li Ziqi's videos for a few days. 
oh also like dianxi xiaoge, liziqi, jihyunkkung To name a few idk I have like a long list this quarantine but. LIKE so many of my all time faves have just been not uploading so I’m trying to get into newer ones.
 Liziqi on youtube. She grows harvests all her own food, makes everything from scratch even clothing and bedding. Very soothing relaxing.
 1. liziqi 2. arief muhammad 3. ria sw 4. kittysaurus (MY FAV! ❤) 5. one meal a day
Falling asleep watching Li Ziqi with my moms dog after making at eating sushi is the best way to spend my night off
 Channel "Liziqi" manteppp
the most ideal way of spending a rainy day is cuddling in bed watching liziqi videos on youtube with a fireplace on
This is refreshing. Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 i once watched half of li ziqi's channel in a day and now i vibrate whenever I see a new video from her
i wanna smoke a blunt with liziqi
 Lol!! Watch Liziqi. You’ll know why
One of the things I like most about Liziqi is the constant beautification of her space--brick wall is ugly? Cover it and grow flowers! Path is unshaded? Put up a pergola and grow the years grapes there! Gorgeous!
 idk of these r fun but foo the flowerhorn is cool if u like fish. i also watch jun’s kitchen and liziqi. and recently i watched puppet history which was funny
current mood: liziqi foraging for mushrooms in the forest and knowing exactly what to get and not poisoning herself like i would if i did this
 omg you should check out Liziqi too her video quality is superior and she legit can do everything 
we're watching a liziqi video in chinese :3
 Try liziqi, she is wonderful
Wellness Stans: How Li Ziqi Challenges Me to Reignite My Own Creativity 
 u should watch daily routin vlog or liziqi channel! reccommended. oh also SUCRD!! 
Im so done with people, im ✈ to be liziqi neighbor
Recently, I only follow two celebrities: IU and Liziqi
Liziqi surely does't need a man, she does everything. Too pretty to be lazing around
 omg do u watch liziqi’s channel
li ziqi has the life i want
I don’t believe in god I believe in Liziqi. 
Surprised to see Joe Rogan's YouTube views per video are less than Liziqi's. Then again, it's not surprising that we as human beings, do share lots of things in common that's beyond language, culture, values, or ideology. Just compare the comments below the vids.
 Who is liziqi, ummii?
My happy place right now is watching all the liziqi videos on Instagram. 
Wellness Stans: How Li Ziqi Challenges Me to Reignite My Own Creativity 
But I thought nazee was a big vegan(Info gathered frm twitter).Anyways dis bit also great 4 my (Li Ziqi inspired) study - isthiumaari influence on dhi royal ganduvaru food.
 OOH, they're lovely! Very obviously idealized, but slow and calm and relaxing! Liziqi: 
Tried out a new recipe inspired by a Liziqi video: peach gum, snow ear and papaya soup! It’s flavoured with pandam, and has really complex flavours and textures. A lot earthier than I thought too. 
 (Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi's slow TV style is a fave, but I think you're already familiar with them.)
me, whispering to myself: do it for liziqi
shoutout to liziqi wherever the fuq u r ,,, ur videos r so calming ,, also v motivating like whenever i dont wanna do the dishes i see liziqi build a whole ass couch and im like damn i should get my ass up
 Li Ziqi's cooking videos, the first 70-or-so minutes of the 2008 Beijing Olympics opening ceremony, 1979's "Electric Light Voyage" compilation, italo disco or shibuya-kei playlists, you-are-there teppanyaki POV experiences, weatherperson fails
watching liziqi with joon calms me as always
i gave up and started watching liziqi, i love me
li ziqi’s vlogs are so relaxing i can watch this all day i love her vlogs aaaaaaa
my favorite videos to watch are aesthetic asmr cooking ones so if you know any youtube channels like that, please let me know!! i already watch 뚤기ddulgi, maji마지 and 李子柒 Liziqi and i love them!!!
there's a random shot of liziqi using wechat in her newest video is that a plug or what
Mood: kinda want to pack my things and move to Liziqi’s village
 the liziqi the TASTE
Countryside:Internet celebrity Liziqi | an oriental lifestyle foody 
The only thing that brings me Peace is watching Li Ziqi pick mushrooms in the wild
A student of mine is writing about Li Ziqi. Her videos are strangely compelling. 
Liziqi fanart because watching her is super relaxing and inspiring✨ Unrelated, kinda: (a thread) I haven’t posted much. To be honest I haven’t ever really posted much. I start one thing and shortly after stop it to begin another or take a hiatus that lasts, sometimes, years... 
Art videos, cooking videos and that channel liziqi and 5 years ago I was not even allowed to use phone
 I look for relaxing and immersive YouTube videos. My favourites are Liziqi and Jonna Jinton, but travel and landscapes with natural sound is also really nice.
Obsessed with Liziqi on youtube.
 Are you me because.... Do you watch LIZIQI?
im so in love with liziqi video ❤️ it makes me calm and refreshed ,
I like watching liziqi’s videos while eating even before going to bed, cz it felt so satisfying like the way she picks up any random leafs and “oh hey lemme just makes a whole friggin basket out of it” like this woman live on her own thoughts, and also with multi skills
 I can see kaisoo having a beautiful farm like liziqi 
Place your vote!! MAMA vs LIZIQI
How Li Ziqi Challenges Me to Reignite My Own Creativity 
whenever I have a migraine I just watch liziqi videos back to back
 Li Ziqi (and the many similar) are just the best.
 Ah, the videos from Liziqi -- I watch all her videos. Sometimes I think it would be fun to see the timeline for her overlapping projects. Between what gets grown, built, and cooked, there has to be a grand grid for "get field shots today of wheat, tomatoes... Hiking..."
I want a home and a plot of land where I can basically live the midwestern liziqi lifestyle 
The only thing I like about China is the indo Chinese food and Chinese blogger Li Ziqi
just found out about Li Ziqi, a famous blogger from China what's special about her is that she's basically filming videos of herself living in a village with her grandma and preparing EVERYTHING from the scratch
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 Can I recommend the YouTube channel of Li ZiQi Mesmerising and utterly peaceful episodes of a forest living girl who is food self sufficient who caters for her gran. Give it a whirl- antidote to supermarket shopping.
Her 86m2 probably has the most beautiful content in youtube, if youre a fan of Marie Kondo or Liziqi and breathtaking photos in Pinterest or IG, you need to see her content 
Gonna watch Liziqi videos in bed until I cry and then I have to do some stats homework. After that we make an attempt at streaming. If you see me rage quit apex later, no you didn’t.
I just want to live a life like Liziqi’s ya know farming and stuff then I come home to my best friend/roommate/ farming mate Kita Shinsuke yeah I don’t wanna make a h*sb*nd out of him
Liziqi on You Tubeamazing, beautifully made, think gardening zen against a background of Miyazaki piano, or simply - the internet at its best! 
Hdjdndjs i like not being on twt because all this shit stresses me out. I'll be on ao3 and liziqi's yt to keep this zen
 Youtube top 5 (international) : 1. Liziqi 2. Clean Avengers 3. Haegreendal 4. English with Lucy (British) 5. Jun's Kitchen
 Of course I know liziqi. It is because of her that hungry young people now yearn for rural life
 Do you know Liziqi? She’s great too 
Still my all-time favorite youtube channel, so comforting. 
 have you seen Liziqi?  
Next bon voyage the boys should go over to liziqi’s for a week. Aaah yoongi would love it i know
Me; YouTubers are dumb. It's so weird that people are obsessed with these idiot influencers and whatnot Also me: Liziqi,,, my Queen. Chop me with ur double cleavers, bake me in ur cat shaped over.
If you want some wholesome YouTube content  李子柒 Liziqi 
Who watches Liziqi on YouTube? She's such an inspiration ❤️
Anyone see Liziqi on YouTube? Yoh. What?!
liziqi always calms me i love her:(
 liziqi, dianxi xiaoge kbs world tv bentley william
M family loves liziqi and have been watching her for two days straight
Take me to your world Liziqi
super down to earth li ziqi is the cutest. her life makes me want to leave the city for good. i want that rural life too. ive been watching her vids since 2018 and girl, she's awesome! i like how hardworking she is. i love her so much! 
liziqi is that bitch
you guys act like Liziqi isn't dropping new fire content all the time
 Wellness Stans: How Li Ziqi Challenges Me to Reignite My Own Creativity 
going ✈️ LiziQi comrade compound
i’m tryna live life like that youtuber Liziqi
hi do u watch liziqi videos on youtube, i feel like u might like them
i want what miss liziqi has
I just learned about Li Ziqi today ‍♀️
So inspired by Liziqi's farm to table vlogs. 
Ok why is li ziqi not verified on here
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Cuddle and netflix ✖️ Cuddle and liziqi ☑️
I don’t know much about IU but why does she reminds me of Li Ziqi?  They both look like real life princess! ❤️
 idk i dont usually like asmr unless its this liziqi persom but i idek if its asmr she just like makes cute meals or dresses and lives in like a mountain forest house w a bunch of pups and her grandma and she slays
I don’t even turn on the captions in Liziqi’s videos i just vibe
Do you like the living environment? Is it much better than Li Ziqi's ีวิวSaintxLivelynose 
Tuck feet.... (for clarification: that thing in the back is a roasted pig from liziqi's YouTube channel) 
Liziqi Aishahshamsudin life; Goals ☘️☘️
Desperately want to build cute earthen dog oven like liziqi so i can make fancy breads outside 
Oh to be a girl named liziqi~~
 omg, me too. i watch li ziqi this chinese forest fairy 
Been watching videos of Liziqi on youtube. Wish I can live that same kind of fantasy. Real life Harvest Moon/Stardew Valley feels.
Have you watched LiZiQi's Video on YouTube. She is a Superhero.
watching latest liziqi video cooking the watermelon rind remind me of wang xian
China’s most famous influencer Li Ziqi is a newly converted winemaker 
li ziqi is the only op worth my time. lets make more shoes for grandma i love it
ahhhh it’s about that time to watch liziqi frolic across the Chinese countryside until I fall asleep
 Want to forget worries???watch liziqi videos
If you have not spent hours of your day mesmerized by liziqi then you need to get on that 
My new obsession is watching Liziqi on YouTube. First channel I’ve subscribed to at 27 years old. It’s like meditation.
 omgggg liziqi b like the life of roses and u know I’ll watch it
i cnt wait 2 go home put a face mask on and watch liziqi in bed 33
 also if u want cooking and gardening and foraging inspo, i really recommend liziqi on youtube! she makes it all seem rly attainable, and shows how well you can live in a sustainable, self-sufficient way when you’ve learned the right skills, i find her so inspiring 
Liziqi, the queen we never deserved but who gives us everything
 Ok, I think I’ve seen Li Ziqi videos before but did not know who they were.
liziqi's videos are so relaxing makes me want to move to countryside but i know that i won't be able to do even 5% of the work she does 
I love the Liziqi Channel! She features meditative gathering , processing and cooking of traditional Chinese foods. Including chestnuts, shown in this video.
Li Ziqi is really great, which tells me that somehow politics are going to ruin our ability to enjoy her work
1. 李子柒Liziqi 2. Gadgetin 3. CR cook 4. FRteam studio 5. JYP Entertainment so that’s my current top five. random bgt ga tuh. none of them are in the same category 
 1. Liziqi 2. Haegreendal 3. Hamimommy 4. Englishwithlucy 5. KimbabFamily
 1. Liziqi 2. Liziqi 3. Tonight show 4. Tonight show 5. Nessie judge
I found that liziqi videos is calming to watch, and just dreamin that kind of life for retirement day
1. Nessie Judge 2. Arief Muhamad 3. Korea Roemit 4. Ria Sw 5. Liziqi
 1. LiziQi 2. Hiho Kids 3. One Meal a Day 4. Nex Carlos 5. TLC
 Tanyarl Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1.Brooke Ence 2.Bretman Rock 3.Liziqi 4.Bon Appetite 5. Video i have saved on my phone without context
nct daily nct daily nct daily nct daily nct daily nct daily liziqi hamzy
if they would let me choose between a life life Liziqi’s or a life like a popular well payed artist, I would choose Liziqi’s , that kind of lives are the richest in every kind of way except dollar bills and capitalism shit
 1. gmmtv 2. liziqi 3. kimbab family 4. sunny chris 5. korean reomit
 1. bangtantv 2. bighit labels 3. kimbab family 4. hari jisun 5. regina mp 6. bangtansubs 7. korea reomit 8. sunny and chris 9. dive studios 10. dream perfect regime 11. liziqi 12. dianxi xiaoge 13. yummyboy 14. tvn d indonesia 15. kbs world 16. gabom tv 17. design house
liziqi seru banget plssss i luv her so much
 Li ziqi Dianxi xiaoge Miaw aug 5mincraft Black pink official
 Current list : 1. Liziqi 2. Movie Flame (Harry Potter stuff) 3. Mel Datugan 4. Nihongo Mantappu 5. Rachel Goddard
5 most watching videos on yt 1. dr. Richard Lee, MARS. 2. Indonesian Life School 3. Nessie Judge 4. Liziqi 5. Tzuyang
Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. blackpink 2. nct daily 3. wayv 4. liziqi 5. nessie judge
Liziqi is the true winner of independent woman
 1. NCT daily 2. GMMTV 3. Li Ziqi 4. One meal a day
 1. Kimbab Family 2. Liziqi 3. Hiho Kids 4. Cine Crib 5. The Insider
1. Liziqi 2. The bucket list family 3. The chick called albert 4. Hiho kids 5. Whatchdoc
 Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. Nessie judge 2. Korea roemit 3. KBS world 4. Kimbab family 5. Liziqi
Another great episode: 
 1. Smtown 2. Nct daily 3. Liziqi 4. Dianxi xioge 5. Hamzzy
 1. Nessie Judge 2. Liziqi channel 3. Aulion 4. Asian boss 5. Dany aaron
 Bangtan tv Bighit Tomorrow x Together Liziqi Cooking tree
 1. Tonight Show 2. Liziqi 3. Kimbab Family 4. Great Mind 5. Random ajaaa
 1. Tonight Show 2. Nessie Judge 3. Liziqi 4. Pewdiepie 5. Ria SW
 1. lilsimsie 2. thesorrygirls 3. withwendy 4. joana ceddia 5. liziqi
 1. Liziqi 2. Tonight Show 3. Dive studios 4. 88rising 5.
 1. Nessie Judge 2. Eat with Boki 3. Ust Hanan Attaki 4. Liziqi 5. Raditya Dika
 Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. Rebal D 2. Hirotada radifan 3. Korea reomit 4. Nessie judge 5. Gmmtv 6. Liziqi 7. Kembara sunyi 8. Do you see what i see 9. New hope club 10. Hoony/gongsam table
Tanyarl Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. Jaya channel 2. Siboen misteri 3. Fayz fishing adventure 4. Isabella paige 5. Liziqi
 Tanyarl Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. Jonna Jinton 2. Liziqi 3. Dianxi Xiaoge 4. Willgoz Kitchen 5. May I See
 1. Seeker 2. Ridwan hanif 3. Kurzgesagt 4. Liziqi 5. Watchdog documentary - 6. Kimbab family :)
 1.Liziqi 2.EXO 3.Miawaug 4.Sunny Chris 5.The Jooomers
 1. WINNER 2. Ani-One 3. Channel Sib-oya 4. Watchdoc Image 5. Liziqi
Liziqi so satisfying,calmness,and aesthetic be the one
 Liziqi Gadgetin Web programming Unpas Cnbc indonesia Satu persen
 Tanyarl Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. meaningful minimal 2. tonightshownet 3. mel datugan 4. korea reomit 5. Liziqi
 Tanyarl Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. Liziqi 2. One Meal Day 3. Nct 4. Nesse judge 5. Khalid Basalamah Official 6. Tonight Show begitulah,
 1. Kimbab Family 2. Liziqi 3. Hamimommy 4. Meaningful minimal 5. Summer Kitchen
I literally can’t stop watching Liziqi
 1. Dingo Freestyle 2. Hiho Kids 3. NCT Daily 4. ODG 5. Liziqi 6. Kizzle 7. HIPHOPPLAYA 8. Swissbeatbox 9. 1MILLION Dance Studio 10. National Geographic
 Liziqi Cantomando Detective Aldo Froyonion/may i see Tonight show Nct daily Kittysaurus Kimbab family Top 8 sih :')
 1. Bangtan Tv 2. Bighit labels 3. Sunny and chris 4. Jurnalrisa 5. Liziqi
 1. Stray Kids 2. Nct Daily 3. Liziqi 4. Kimi 5. Haegreendal
 Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. SMTOWN 2. 채널 NCT DAILY 3. GadgetIn 4. Devina Hermawan 5. 李子柒 Liziqi
Liziqi is thee truth
 Tanyarl Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. Liziqi 2. Badmintonworld 3. Dian Anita 4. Kritter Klub 5. BBC Earth
 1. 여자친구 GFRIEND OFFICIAL 2. The voice kids 3. Nessie Judge 4. 李子柒 Liziqi 5. Daneliya Tuleshova
has anyone been watching liziqi?
Low key convinced whoever runs the Liziqi YouTube channel is secretly like the daughter of Demeter or smth
1. Liam Thompson 2. Jonna Jinton 3. Thatwasepic 4. Sacha Stevenson 5. Liziqi
new test for judging character: you are capable of watching and enjoying Liziqi videos; if you cannot, you are probably fucked in the head. 
looked up a recipe and accidentally stumbled into the harsh world of Li Ziqi vs. Dianxi Xiaoge rivalry
a little study i did of a screencap from liziqi's watermelon and grapes video on youtube! :) 
 Doing something to help when I can. Tuning out and recharging my batteries by taking lots of hikes. Li Ziqi videos and baths. Zoloft.
 1. Dianxi xiaoge 2. Liziqi channel 3. Funny things about day6,btob (random channel) 4. Skz, day6,
 1. SEVENTEEN 2. Nessie Judge 3. Liziqi 4. Alshad Ahmad 5. Art Beat
 Tanyarl Top 5 channel YouTube paling sering ditonton: 1. Day6 2. Nct daily 3. Liziqi 4. Seattle santuy 5. Sunnydahye
 Mr.beast Yes theory Liziqi Shroud Milyhya Awokawok
 BigHit Labels BANGTANTV Dianxi Liziqi Wild Girl
 1. Bangtantv 2. Liziqi 3. Nessie judge 4. Seventeen 5. NCT daily
 1. ernalimdaugh 2. dianxi xiaoge 3. liziqi 4. zoe's 5. girl and the word
 1. treasure 2. jurnalrisa 3. liziqi 4. kbs the return of superman 5. hamzy
Oh twitter acc of liziqi
Watching Liziqi's always refreshing a life
Au where xl makes videos like Liziqi and sl does the cooking portion
Liziqi wheat video Has popsicles And sweets suger candy.
 Have you watched liziqi??
I’m just trynna sit down and eat dinner with liziqi
Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge are the real queens of sustainability and no i will not hear any criticism against them 
Liziqi also taught us Posicle Sweets making.
How to life like liziqi does
Me: oh Dahlia !  (while watching liziqi) 5yr old nephew turned to me: you know all the flowers. How? Where did you learn that?  haha
 And turned out WWX ain't lying about the watermelon rind tho. I thought he was but he wasn't after I saw liziqi latest video this morning 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
 For calming youtube vids I really like Liziqi!
If you trynna get wifed up you better know how to cook like Liziqi! On my momma!
I lied. liziqi is my crush 
new liziqi video today :3
GuyS liziqi made a watermelon rind recipe!!
gud night folks  im going 2 watch Liziqi and try to live my countryside fantasies now
oh how i love liziqi
watching the new liziqi vid to gain a temporary and false sense of security
 
Me: Tons to do today... *sees new Liziqi video* ....work can wait.  
If you like walk to stuff to watch while winding down I recommend Liziqi on YouTube so much
LI ZIQI’S COOL KNIFE IS ON SALE FOR MARKED DOWN FROM BUY KNIFE 
li ziqi just posted a new vid,,, i am legally obliged to drop everything watch this masterpiece
Liziqi videos make me want property and a massive kitchen-cellar combo 
time they bear fruits. The harvest is quite modest, but enough to brew a pot of wine. Eat well, drink well, and it’s yet another full day. (Warning: Brewing at home is dangerous. Don’t try it.) Cuisine Food
new liziqi and its 20mins bless the lords ;___; after this stressful day i really needed it
 李子柒 LIZIQI's program has no connotation and is only popular by face, not by representativeness. 老高 KUAIZERO is more popular in China 
Liziqi new video updated!
Liziqi is so self sufficient,obsessed with her videos
i am once again asking you all to become liziqi fans 
i've gone down the rabbit hole that is liziqi videos
 Liziqi, plan:D , great big story, bam animation
Lemme watch Liziqi while waiting, her videos always calm me down.
I know that we have our diff. wid china but its very important that we learn frm our enemies too. Liziqi,a famous utuber frm china shows Chinese village lifestyle..china had been a poor country in the past hence they learnt the optimum utilization of resources. Watch n learn
i went away to calm tf down and watch some Liziqi but the announcement STILL hasnt dropped??!?! 
Well liziqi uploads new video, let me just watch it while waiting for the damn BB
this is about me not skipping the ads in li ziqi's vids so she can get that coin 3
people in liziqi's comments LOVE to ask if i'm watching this video in bed relaxing...uh... bit stalkery i think??
i’m watching these videos from a youtuber named liziqi and they’re so beautiful i’ve been watching them for a month or two now
Watching Liziqi makes me want to live as beautifully as she does. Somewhere quiet off-grid where I pluck my food fresh from my garden and the forest close by, make my own furniture and clothing and just enjoy the gift of being peacefully.
A pot of wine among watermelon 
Hidup ala Liziqi memang idaman banget A pot of wine among watermelon 
I wanna see liziqi fix America
I'm getting addicted to Liziqi's videos and that other Chinese youtuber from Yunan... the videos are so aesthetic~ ... farewell sleep 
idgaf i would let liziqi and dianxi xiaoge brainwash me to sustainability and farming and agriculture and aquaculture and cottagecore any second of the day and any day of the freaking week
 2in liziqi dan tonightshow
hey everyone, new liziqi video up  
about to write that liziqi x dianxi genderbent au fic where the internet pits them against each other but they date instead or apenji x xiaoxi x ziqi polyamory i’m telling u i will—
did u watch all of liziqi’s vids by season and now by uploads or are u still in garbage youtube?
markinon liziqi my baby girl..
name something li ziqi can’t do challenge
im not googling "is li ziqi married" you are googling that
not li ziqi having a cracked phone please i am  
 If I had one youtube channel to watch forever it would be Li Ziqi
Oh! to be Liziqi's cameraman!
liziqi’s vids are now 20 mins long? god bless free therapy
the way there are no bugs at li ziqi and dianxi’s place it’s so unfair to all of us 
Atleast liziqi uploaded a new video. Something to enjoy during the jennie drought
（羊羔毛斗篷)Weave a lamb wool cape for the freezing winter|Liziqi Channel 
 besides getting in trouble on twitter, other can't sleep recommendations ;) 
Li Ziqi sells mooncakes with the theme of “I Love Tiananmen Square in Beijing” 
I kind of want to just escape into the world of Liziqi. Bringing my whole family, of course. 
 youtube has some amazing stuff if you know where to look. Mr Kate, justin rhodes, liziqi, xiaoxi's culinary idle, primitive skills, tom bilyeu, safiya nygaard, timeline - world history, shayda Campbell, offtheranch, Michelle kare, ashley collins are my top recommendations
finally getting my mom into youtube beyond a scattering of animal clips. her favorite youtubers so far are safiya and tyler, baumgartner restoration, and liziqi. though i think she’s getting a soft spot for slow mo guys and mr chickadee now as well
Pick a pepper...last of the season. I’ll make a pepper paste to add into winter stews  Field to Fork Farm 
how to write chinese calligraphy ft liziqi like: make ink make brush make paper
dude liziqi cando anything SHE CAN DRAW SHE CAN PAINT SHE CAN FARM SHE CAN
 Anything by LiZiqi
Oh to be any of the puppies/borreguitos living with Li Ziqi 
Can Liziqi post a new video  shes probably growing something
A free morning! I could go running, I could revise my much-ignored novel, or I could sit here and watch 25 Liziqi videos
 I usualy watch daixin xiaoge or liziqi
I miss liziqi can she upload a new video 
“All of liziqi’s videos are to fucking die for I’ve been watching her for like a year and it never fails to make me realxed-Like when she uploaded the mushroom video I just jerked watching her after that- NOT JERKED NOT JERKED”- clay 2020
Nontonin liziqi is so healing ☺
（面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
liziqi brings me joy
 I've been watching you-tube videos of a young Asian woman named Liziqi. Peaceful, calming, thought-provoking and lots of "What the hell is that she's cooking?"
 peeps, are you watching Liziqi? She's a badass who grows/forages her own food and makes her own meals, clothes, tools, utensils etc from her local environment. I kinda want to be her when I grow up: 
I love her videos but she’s kind of stealing Liziqi aesthetics? l am just going to remain silent 
 Liziqi dekho youtube channel e ,trust me you won't be dissapointed...
 Bsbsmksjd GOD RIGHT... ISNT EVERYONES DREAM TO BE LIZIQI......  hahah all the mushrooms I like are like.. staple hotpot mushrooms xD except for shiitake.. I don't like those :x
 beech mushrooms? thats a new one for me i love enokis!!! also about the kits idk ive definitely seen mixed reviews for them so im not sure if they work too well TT my dream is to be liziqi with her own log o shittake mushrooms
 Thinking about applying for a job as "Li Ziqi's Grandma".
thinking about how i would die for liziqi
liziqi wherever the fuq u r i hope u r doing well,,
if u are sad. watching a liziqi video will not fix all of ur problems. but it will. make u say hm. that is very calming.
I really want to write this Liziqi BJYX AU fic but I don't have the words
“Ugh i think i crave for some breads” Liziqi: *plants a whole wheat field and wait for another eternity to make bread out of it*
 If I can recommend something to try and relax you to the point of drifting off, check out Liziqi 
 It reminds me of that time in disco we just sat and watched all those Liziqi videos
 jc meimei would give me jack-of-all-trades liziqi energy. she could do a tiktok dance and debilitate a conference of cultivators just by the majesty of her bare legs. the only other person that can use her glowing tablet is yzy cus face id can’t tell the diff lol
 Enjoying some Liziqi videos. She always makes such relaxing, beautiful content. 
 Ooh, I hope they like it! I follow LiZiQi on YT, she has incredible videos, all like this. xx
 keira knightley and li ziqi and all the big tiddie anime girls from my weeb phase in middle school
Take me to your world Li ziqi
 Liziqi makes me agree to this 
Forager Jhope collab with queen Liziqi pls
吊柿饼|It’s a red mountain, and in the fall, it’s natural to make some sweet persimmons.|Liziqi channel 
Do not let your parents watch Li Ziqi videos. She brings DIY to the next level entirely, so their expectations will soar. Her grandma must be in total bliss. 
People: bro asmr is so relaxing and I fall asleep always to it  Me: if you haven't heared of liziqi then we can't be friends anymore
 ok first of all thank u for sending me frog tweets from time to time.. sorry im bad at dming and talking to people xoxo. you have excellent taste in things thanks for watching liziqi videos w me and giving me temporary ptg brainrot after showing me spring snow 3
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
 li ziqi, stargirl the practical witch, kelly stamps, audrey coyne, best dressed
I want to go live like liziqi lol but my anxiety could never what if some...
 Nonton liziqi, planD, ondo
dianxi xiaoge and li ziqi's channel is really relaxing... and that day when i always look for lofi playlist for studies... and later look for cilet when i start to feel upset
if u r watching liziqi and dianxi xiaoge's vids, i love u.
Oh you know, just drinkin whiskey, listenin to Rick Springfield, watching Chinese cooking YouTube phenomenon Liziqi.
China YouTube star Li Ziqi amazes the world | Liziqi Age and info, Latest News, Posts, photos 
 Native Chinese vloggers must use a vpn because the Chinese govt bans youtube. Yes, that is right. Liziqi has 12 million YT subscribers but sure, you go tell her she doesn't need YT.
 would watching something peaceful help? if so i'd recommend liziqi's vids on youtube, there's something very calming about them!! 
I’m so inspired by Liziqi on youtube. she lives off the land, forages from the wild landscape around her, trades harvests w/ local farmers, cooks/preserves/ferments/bakes so many different things w/ whatever’s in season. I want to live like her
Recreating the I LOVE PAKISTAN I WILL SACRIFICE MY LIFE FOR PAKISTAN video but for Li ZiQi
 We’ll all be living like Liziqi in no time 
does anyone watch liziqi on youtube? insane production tbh
 Thoraya Maronesy The proper people Joshua Weissman Nino's Home Michelle Khare Liziqi Linh truong
 I would suggest you watch YouTube and look for Li Ziqi 
Liziqi is very inspiring. Finally, a different title! “The life of okra and bamboo fence, LOL这次可算有... 
Watching cooking videos of liziqi and dianxi xiaoge before sleep are soooo soothing and therapeutic
amazing jud bitaw life ni liziqi, surrounded by fruits and vegetables pati spices hays
 she CUTE cute also yuju kinda looks like li ziqi and it HUTS ToT also also lol I forgot SinB is from gfriend now I finally know :D
Absolutely obsessed with chinese youtuber Liziqi
 // it’s barely 4am  but hmmm remember the youtuber we adore  liziqi  i was thinking of a vlogger concept for my oc - if it would work out
 These are some of the few ways I can enjoy some of the youtubers I would never be able to understand or enjoy. CC made that possible. Taking them away is also taking away from people expanding their audiences. Part of the fun of watching Liziqi was knowing what was being placed
I’m ready to live out my best Liziqi life
 When I picture it in my head, I picture something like the way Liziqi lives. Though choice of crops, livestock, etc, would have to be whatever is best suited for whatever region we do it in. 
The female MCs in harvest moon/story of seasons have the same vibes as liziqi. Just straight up picking ingredients from their farms
how my mood still sorrows down after what i had done to my namu. badmood. feel guilty. for sure i am. and now i watched video of one youtuber that my friend recommended to me. and wow. that fast my mind my mood being calm than before. liziqi. yes that
Binge watching Liziqi videos. If you need to calm your mind or de-stress, watch her videos!
watching liziqi on rave bc she’s phenomenal
Li Ziqi speaks a dialect to her grandma which makes me think how my mom’s family’s dialect is basically dying/dead by me my sis. cuz we dont speak it we nvr learned it (my sis doesnt even speak Mandarin cuz assimilation/colonization)
 Watch liziqi on YouTube, gordon Ramsey says she’s the best chef in the world, tears in my eyes bro.
 The one and only, liziqi
 Do send her my love! (Tif, not Liziqi)
 Of course now she just watches this superwoman, Liziqi, on Youtube do things like make her own furniture and bedding, craft these insane dishes from scratch and just generally MacGiver her entire life
introduced the fam to liziqi and now we’re all watching. even the little ones are entranced 
liziqi's channel might be my fav youtube channel out there
I got one of these crazy Li Ziqi cleavers from this week. They are super rugged and cool. 
 Find Liziqi on YouTube and live vicariously through her like I do 
may God always protect liziqi and her grandma
-Turn your photo into Vector -Open for commission -DM me 
Literally watched that whole MSCHF Drop idk why. Adding Liziqi at the end was a nice touch tho
now my girl li ziqi making sausages!
 Primitive Technology, Liziqi, Baumgartner Restoration. Can't explain it. Just interesting.
I want to disappear to my village and do videos there haha maybe I could be the next Liziqi. JK, she’s the best
 Which ones you watching? I kinda keep up with Li Ziqi but are there others?
i'm running out of Liziqi videos to watch on YouTube :(
 everyone love liziqi✨
 Liziqi best girl good girl manda she deserved. But Manda is a good girl too 
 Liziqi is the real one. I love her so much. She literally can do everything
 i love liziqi more than i love myself
I think my mom loves liziqi more than she loves me :/
Please subscribe to 【李子柒Liziqi 】Liziqi Channel on YouTube if you like my videos: 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Bountiful Flowers and Fruits - Li Ziqi { All Around The World} 
liziqi istg i blame you
istg liziqi's background tracks are just variations of famous chinese songs like i always recognize one melody and then it changes and i'm like hm???
I've been watching her channel for a few years and her content is so relaxing. Wish society can return to this lifestyle. Liziqi showcases her life with her grandma on the country side of China, how to make local cuisine, and other skills^^ 
therapeutic youtube channels for me: nino's home (love him), dianxi xiaoge, liziqi 
Im watching liziqi and god if i was ever able to do even 5% of the stuff this woman does in a day i would be so happy
I wanna live a life like liziqi's
liziqi WISHES she had wallace and gromit's versatility...
as a filo idk if it's alright to support known chinese influencers like liziqi dianxi xiaoge,,, and also all saints street,,,, :^(
Watching Liziqi ASMR Cooking 3 
I want to be Li Ziqi in my next life
Been watching Li ZiQi cuz she reminds me of the life I would be living if I was still in the village
 Wow, interesting! We were way more random we regularly watch vlogs by several Russians living in SK (very chaotic and interesting) and literally 2 days ago for some reason YT recommended Liziqi to us
Once you've watched one of Liziqi's videos, you may never want to watch anything else, ever again. 
You have no proof I cried myself to sleep to a video of Li Ziqi. NONE.
Liziqi creating a bedding out of cotton inspire me to clean my room
 OOO haven't heard of liziqi, i'll check em out 
 Have you been watching Liziqi? lol
 I prefer to pretend I'm in a Liziqi style cooking video with beautiful landscape b-roll and a Ghibli-esque soundtrack.
 The most amazing and relaxing you tube series I have found is a Chinese back to nature series with a self sufficient girl who looks after her grandmother, give it a look before you judge it. "li ziqi youtube"
 Watching funny or interesting videos on Youtube. There's a content creator named Liziqi who makes cinematic videos of her farm life and it's very calming.
ever since the whole thing with BA i watched liziqi a few times in between animes but am just now getting around to more of her vids ,, she out there ,, just farming in peace
liziqi wherever u r ,,, thank u
 Has the time finally come for a full Liziqi watch party stream?
Rural life China’s rural areas are more beautiful than the hometown of Li Ziqi on the red net. Is it the life you want? 
 i watch Liziqi's videos on youtube! they are very relaxing 
 Li Ziqi is beyond cottagecore. She is the ultimate self-sufficient aesthetic queen
 ARE U KIDDING LI ZIQI IS ICONIC WHAT SELF RESPECTING ASIAN DOESNT KNOW HER
 I love Li Ziqi and Joanna Jinton’s videos and now I am so intrigued to know more about Harmony’s videos✨
（羊羔毛斗篷)Weave a lamb wool cape for the freezing winter|Liziqi Channel 
 If you haven’t seen this amazing woman she rocks everything ✨...she does include meat in some of the dishes she makes but if you can focus on everything else she does aside from that wow... absolutely amazing woman Liziqi - Life of Roses  
here we are binge watching liziqi’s videos lol
[kvf] guk is a creator, temen-temen. friends to lovers with straightforwarded guk over his crush on tae. "you know liziqi, tae? yes. she makes everything from scratch." "terus?" "guess i'll build your L word feeling toward me from scratch too." smooth. 
Li Ziqi 
My basement inspired by Li Ziqi Dianxi Xiaoge (the cheongsam is too fancy but its the only culturally appropriate outfit I have) 
 i can so vividly picture this. like a blend of liziqi and cantomando 
Oh to be li ziqi living in the mountains with her grandma and chickens and bamboos and production team 
Realizing that Ms Yeah and Liziqi are basically two sides of the same coin
I would like to thank Maison Olivia, Cooking Tree, HANSE, one meal a day, Hidamari Cooking and cook kafemaru on youtube for being such a good company on many of my sleepless nights. Not to forget, Kittisaurus/CreamHeroes, MilkyBokiTan, Li Ziqi and Hanabira 3
Does anyone share a mutual obsession for Liziqi?
if I could download anyone’s knowledge into my brain it would be Liziqi’s
 tbh i just watch... binging with babish and that chinese girl who lives in the countryside,, liziqi??
I tried the hardest cooking tutorial ever (ft. Liziqi) 
I want live with Liziqi .
Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge are singlehandedly treating my insomnia. Every video is relaxing without being boring, and so impressive! I don’t know what’s going on, but wow! she grew a plant from a seed and made unknown but tasty looking food!
syrmor is my comfort youtuber. idc. every single one of his videos makes me cry. dream and george and sapnap are also all comfort youtubers. liziqi is also one. aaron blaise.
 I watch liziqi 
Today's YouTube video recommendation : 'The life of Roses' by Liziqi. 
This is a Liziqi appreciation tweet. LiZiQi's is one YouTube channel that gives me instant peace. Living in this world of hectic schedules and endless anxiety, her vlogs about cooking, carpentry and weaving all from scratch makes me glad that there's YouTube.
What “made from scratch” actually means. Found my new favorite channel 
  Li Ziqi is a Chinese food and country-life blogger, entrepreneur, and internet celebrity. She is known for making delicious foods and crafting things like no one I’ve ever seen. She sews, cooks, builds, hikes, farms. Truly amazing 
Thai Monarchy should learn from this to brain wash people The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
The Life of Roses. A video to feed your soul and your senses after a long day, any day... 玫瑰花的一生丨Liziqi Channel. 
The lives of roses - Liziqi 
kita making those aesthetic asmr cooking videos like li ziqi
In therapy, I realized I kind of don't have any goals anymore. I spent so long taking care of people, and I outgrew all my old goals. I kind of just want to live like Liziqi. I'm just pretty drained. I'm not an important person. I just want to bake pie.
Watched Liziqi's videos about roses just now. I miss my grandma. I should've use those knowledge.
A friend posted this on FB last night and it was just the beautiful escape I needed. I'm sure I'm the last person to hear of this Chinese vlogger, Liziqi, but I'm kind of obsessed now and stayed up much too late watching more of her dreamy videos. 
In her latest video, blogger Li Ziqi introduces her fans to rose petal jam, rose dew, rose smoked chicken, lotus root stuffed with glutinous rice and rose petal jam, rose wine, and rose puff pastry cake. 
If you haven’t yet discovered Liziki . . . The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
when I say I wanna be cottagecore, I mean liziqi and no one else
does anyone else watch liziqi on youtube bc i feel so relaxed and content when i’m watching her
liziqi just picked up a snake and carried him away to safety, does she want a wife
Liziqi is love, liziqi is life
 Liziqi, too. Might be pastoral propaganda but I love it
 check out Liziqi's content man. On Weibo. Real relaxing stuff.
Reading Gail Hershatter Emily Honig’s Personal Voices. They wrote in 1983 Zhang Haidi was named an outstanding Youth League member, praised for persisting work and studies despite her paralysis. In 2020, social media influencers Li Ziqi Wei Ya were co-opted to the Youth League.
If you guys want to see positivity or what is like when nice people gathered, go to Liziqi comment section
Rose...chicken????? I’m both fascinated and hesitant. But hands down that lotus root looks amazing! The life of roses.玫瑰花的一生。丨Liziqi Channel 
Life of back mood 9 - Grass woven stool is warm and firm - liziqi vlog 
liziqi's life of cucumbers brought me so much joy. both because I love cucumbers but also because.. well. You know. Life of Cucumbers.
Liziqi style pinapple jam.  
liziqi channel and chill
"... but lot of dedication, which comes with lots of admirers..." Li Ziqi
Me when watching this video : I’ll become the first Liziqi from Indonesia
Another day of Liziqi cabang Cianjur: bikin ulen  
Liziqi by Lutfi93 
if you are a cuddly, quiet stoner, or if you just like being amazed at how beautiful the world is, or if you like listening to other people's life stories, please come. we'll watch liziqi and enjoy soft blankets and maybe love the moon together. otherwise... please don't.
 Yeah liziqi is so good
i want to have liziqi's garden huhu
i love liziqi so much
 Best ever food review show AND anything li ziqi
The life of roses.玫瑰花的一生。丨Liziqi Channel 
 , Ms. Yeah, Pailins Kitchen, Chopstick Chronicles, Liziqi,
liziqi wont marry me then whats the point
you know people are going through it when they're binging liziqi videos
I find my comfort in watching channels like Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. If you have anxiety or just want to relax, I strongly recommend those channels. They are so peaceful and beautiful.
people who call kita's farmer life boring have never seen a single video from li ziqi
Honestly Li Ziqi’s videos are the only thing getting me thru 2020. 
 Hello! you might want to check this Liziqi inspired video ☺️ 
 Hello! you might want to check this Liziqi inspired video ☺️ 
Liziqi really is the homestead queen. What a beautiful, calming video ❤️ 
 Hello! you might want to check this Liziqi inspired video ☺️ 
 Hello! you might want to check this Liziqi inspired video ☺️ 
 Hello! you might want to check this Liziqi inspired video ☺️ 
 Hello! you might want to check this Liziqi inspired video ☺️ 
Liziqi new vids  
 Liziqi is phenomenal, so crafty! Such quality! But also try Dianxi Xiaoge, I think they’re my current favorite.
 Yes! Liziqi on YouTube! I love her videos. She's a millennial who gave up a career and life in the city to live with her grandparents in the countryside. She has some incredible videos, from gardening to building bamboo furniture to cooking delicious meals with her grandmother.
 btw if you like the korean cottage cat lady, you'll also like Liziqi
one of our family bondings is watching liziqi on youtube haha
Liziqi is the real harvest moon 
Have you ever heard of a ROC Youtuber name Liziqi? Her channel potrays the embodiment of an independent woman living her absolute best life in the rural area with her grandmother, creating accomplishing jaw dropping features. Watching her made me calm happy. Maybe you should?
of course li ziqi cooked with roses. of course (everything is SO pretty )
Liziqi has 12 million YouTube subscribers, but I’ve just discovered her this week. If you are feeling down as I am, maybe a few minutes watching this will sooth. I can’t describe the videos other than: They’re beautiful. 
Been watching liziqi videos for months. And its so relaxing to watch and its remind of life should be. And i recommend u guys to watch it :D (earphone recommended) 
li ziqi's grandma watching TV and cracking the fuck up is giving me life
I've been watching too much Li Ziqi lately. ‍♀️ 
shoutout to liziqi for posting a new video just in time for me to run out of serotonin
LIZIQI POSTED A NEW VIDEO AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
does anyone else watch liziqi her vids keep me sane
I think liziqi should be the first person in history to receive 4 Michelin stars without having a restaurant
 macha already gave you sorted (my lads) and someone already gave you liziqi but here's some food ones i like too: -dianxi xiaoge 
 Liziqi and dianxi is my fav
 I like watching liziqi tbh it's soothing 
liziqi videos never fail to calm my brain when i'm having a rough mental day 3
god im gay im watching liziqi and darning my partners socks
crying Li Ziqi made almond milk candy sweets with rose petals, normally i hate nuts but almond milk candy sweets are soooooo amazing. 
 me watching liziqi build chairs out of bamboo
S/o the homie liziqi chillin with her Grammy and harvesting potatoes 
New video  Idk but when i see Li ziqi I'm remember my ex lul 
why is liziqi so good at everything?
 Ah i know that channel. Tried watching some of her videos but i just dont feel the “spark/connection”. I like Liziqi bc i know her back story and i LOVE her “mini” garden backyard. 
Li Ziqi uses some roses to make a simple meal for Granny: 
Latest beautiful, contemplative and sensory-rich video from Chinese back-to-the-roots YouTuber Liziqi: All the things you can do with rose petals. I can tell some of them but would love to know everything she's making... 
My No.1 Healing Channel 
My wife liziqi just released a video let me go check it out
Liziqi's youtube videos are so therapeutic.
omg liziqi bikin the life of roses 
omg best notification for tonight.  Liziqi uploaded a new video. 
 NEW LIZIQI VIDEO 
 Watching Liziqi videos since months now i know how to live on mountains, how to grow crops, how to prepare foods so well in theoretical way 
omg liziqi... the girl who can collect wild ingredients to make beautiful meals for her grandma make delicate clothes from grape-skins and traditional lip rouge out of rose petals, and furniture from scratch all on her own... is a cancer stellium 
Looking for react to Liziqi cooking on youtube
As a liziqi's big fan, reading this really breaks my heart
other than my moots I will assume yall dk who li ziqi is but thanks for the interaction 
i would give my soul to Li Ziqi, Bernadette Banner and Bestdressed
I'm a teetotaller but in my personal POV, is even more valuable than, say, Li Ziqi 李子柒, b/c the king provides an unedited view into Chinese rural Main Street. At the end of the day, life is about people. It's the people, stupid.
I highly recommend Liziqi if you are in need of some beautiful, real escapism 
Not gonna lie - I'm fully addicted to Liziqi videos....... 
Liziqi Chef’s Table
Want to live inside one of li ziqi’s videos
All I want to do is watch Liziqi
Chicomnews: Chinese Web Celebs Appointed to Party-Backed Youth Organization To the surprise of many online observers, pastoral life vlogger Li Ziqi and commercial livestreamer Wei Ya have been included among the All-China Youth Federation’s c 
To the surprise of many online observers, pastoral life vlogger Li Ziqi and commercial livestreamer Wei Ya have been included among the All-China Youth Federation’s current cohort. 
 I cannot recommend liziqi enough, she is p much a real princess. 
 Omg I love Liziqi's channel so much. This would be amazing!
 don't tell me ksoo is liziqi....cosi m gonna Cry
Liziqi channel give me ancient Chinese drama life vibes .. therapeutic
Oh noes... Liziqi drowned a fly and encapsulated it into noodle dough... 
 liziqi is the last tenuous thread binding me to reality!!
All I watch on YouTube is Liziqi channel. So mesmerizing.
 do u watch liziqi i swear discovering her videos saved my sanity in april. this one is amazing 
（面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
 Surprised that the authorities went after him since content creators of his sort are good PR. Li ziqi's youtube channel has millions of views but I don't see cops knocking on her door. hmm.
If you ever need to watch something calming with great ASMR give Liziqi channel a try. Been watching her for years and she is great. Very rustic, makes and grows any and everything by hand. Food, furniture, clothes, cosmetics, etc. 
my youtube recommendation list: 1. dating coaches 2. asmr harry potter 3. no oven cake 4. liziqi
The combined impact of social media reach and an influencer’s powerful content like Li Ziqi’s , can help to raise awareness and generate interest in agricultural practices among our youth! Image Credit: Li Ziqi Blog 
 He was intruding on The Chosen One (Li Ziqi) territory as the marketable but totally ubiquitous face of the Chinese rural peasantry. Pretty sure if Pangzai is violating internet laws then even the pro-China Western YouTubers who thank the Chinese government routinely are too.
can someone introduce li ziqi to yixing...... she's perfect for him.... they're both hardworking
Liziqi everything else on YouTube 
 WAIT i watch the liziqi channel too 
how can trump wanna start a war with China when Li Ziqi could shatter a yanqui's bones with one stomp 
 i love liziqi
michelle phan, garrett watts, dp, liziqi, .... marriland as well help
My Facebook suggested videos go through cycles of metal and wood crafting work, archaeology, science shit, and cooking. Whenever Facebook is in a cooking mood it will always give me videos by this guy, binging with babish, and liziqi.
I’m so surprised there hasn’t been any liziqi fancams?????? If not i’ll take care of it...
Cottagecore is nothing without Liziqi 
Li Ziqi does a video with the CCDI on the life cycle of rice plants, as part of the new campaign to save food. She concludes her opening words with 节约粮食从我做起 "Saving food, it starts with me." 
i literally love liziqi and all of her videos kdhdjshs it's all so relaxing on a different level  she's so talented, creative hard working 
i just discovered that onces watches liziqi as well and even thought that she looks like mina  this made my heart so happy 
 Liziqi's video is really relaxing ✨
liziqi i love her videos 
Not liziqi she really does look like mina though
If you wanna watch a nice lady cooking but don’t wanna watch bon appetit any more may I recommend June from Delish Maangchi Dianxi Xiaoge Emmymade Rachhloveslife Liziqi Kimmy from she’s in her apron And if you just want to see someone eating delicious food? Mike Chen Mark Wiens
Liziqi and mina collab when?
Maybe if one ♌ wouldn't attack me I would ship ♎ with liziqi. They'd make such a wholesome couple  but the  and  couple is obviously superior
 Liziqi  Go and subscribe to her channel moots you won't regret it 
Got stuck in a Liziqi video rabbit hole. On god tho, her videos are just *chefs kiss*
 // tw food ! liziqi makes super relaxing videos, mostly about food, but there are some with just crafts! 
I'm never going to be Liziqi but harvesting from my garden is still satisfying. Don't mind the dirt. There was a downpour earlier so I need to give everything a good wash. 
 I love liziqi she is my role model
 sometimes the youtuber liziqi wears white dresses while doing "dirty" work- it amazes me everytime
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
These are from liziqi and yoora videos on their youtube btw
might end up making a new version of a li ziqi campsite bc i have a lot of fall/veggie growing stuff from that one event
pics of my li ziqi themed campsite before i remodel it 
Li Ziqi, Qiaofu Jiumei, Dianxi Xiaoge... Rural Chinese bloggers attract, "connect" with millions of followers overseas, generate revenues for and promote development of villages as China battles poverty 
Stan liziqi guys!
 Liziqi is our family favorite youtuber we love Chinese Tradition Cultural
Li Ziqi, Qiaofu Jiumei, Dianxi Xiaoge... Rural Chinese bloggers attract, "connect" with millions of followers overseas, generate revenues for and promote development of villages as China battles poverty 
i've watched all liziqi videos on youtube now i feel empty
I can get lost in Li Ziqi's videos, she makes growing food look easy. Making me wish I can live where my father or mother grew up, be able to grow food and/or catch fish, and just live near the beach. Or maybe it's just living near the beach 
 i don’t get panic attacks but my friend does and when i was on the verge of having them last yr during a really bad time for me she recommended liziqi videos on youtube, they’re so distracting relaxing
 oh really.I thought it is pretty common.wanted to share photos some of the food, then realized most are variant of noodles and 
 OMG WAIT ceo lance visiting a traditional japanese home in the countryside so he can get out of the city and Keith is like “liziqi” on yt and is so quiet and peaceful and Lance just falls in love- and they show each other their worlds-
There is so much to stress about in the world right now--fires, feds, white supremacy, election nabbing, etc. I know!! Shit is real! But if you need a little balm for your anxious mind today may I humbly suggest the queen of calm, Li Ziqi? 
Anyone else just watch Liziqi videos?
Liziqi cookbook when?
（羊羔毛斗篷)Weave a lamb wool cape for the freezing winter|Liziqi Channel 
 Just go to the country side and marry a farm girl like Li Ziqi. So many beautiful girls in rural China.
steamed bao in corn husks yesterday call me liziqi
8) Liziqi in short: a healing videos. : 
if i just have the means tbh i'd go full on liziqi
 straight up like are these people not watching liziqi.......
Finding peace in liziqi YouTube videos
This kind of complaint gak akan ada di kamus liziqi panutanqu  Instead of complaint, she will make it from scratch!
Liziqi on youtube. Watch her videos and tell me you dont wanna live her life or that the videos don’t at least make you happy
Im a fan of liziqi youtube channel...tenang je lyn video dia plus background music is ah-may-zing
Video superstar Li Ziqi is investing in a snail rice noodle factory. And another round of floods devastates southwestern China 
Video superstar Li Ziqi is investing in a snail rice noodle factory 
 mark wien's travel food vblog, 20/30 minutes long or Li Ziqi, BT21, some politics , news , bts mvs . I'm making sure my view counts. Also commenting, liking comments. so that yt knows I'm human!!
 Kittisaurus, Junskitchen, Liziqi, short mukbang, short animation, other BTS MV, BangtanTV, short document film of Natgeo, BTS cute moments, etc :3 hehe
I can't believe none of you have ever told me about Li Ziqi's YouTube channel, especially given how desperately we need escapism these days. I'm about three videos away from quitting my job and moving to the countryside to run a traditional farm. 
Horno de barro （面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
me sitting down to watch liziqi videos for 12 hours 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
李子柒 Liziqi || The best food for summer——Many kinds of jam. --------------------------  FOLLOW US IN OUR NETWORKS Link to the list: -- 
watching li ziqi's videos gave me lots of farmer kyungsoo images, a domestic husband kaisoo living a simple yet perfect life 
i need to watch some liziqi's videos to bringing back my inner peace
me watching li ziqi's videos: i bet this is the kind of life kyungsoo want to have
I fell in love with Li Ziqi's way of life.
 Let me add another semi-informative one, but this time one for when you *are* stressed. Queen of China herself Li Ziqi  
I'm watching bangtan bombs and li ziqi and cooking tree in between streams what about you?
 I watched some Lily Singh, lots of Mark Wiens long long videos, Li Ziqi , some late late nights talk shows, sometimes cnn or something else.. SO yeah.
 i'm watching plant videos and some of liziqi's shorter videos
 I'm watching 5 mins liziqi videos too hahah and a bit of Michael Jackson like the whole combo hahah
 literally don’t see the appeal we need to get rid of breadtube and replace it all with liziqi and dianxi xiaoge videos
incel vaush fan vs chad liziqi enjoyer
 Finding long playlists of How It’s Made videos can also be really nice for chill brain zen— oh and Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge both have EXTEMELY soothing, borderline ASMR channels of gorgeous rural Chinese food, environment and cooking.
wait. i've totally discovered 李子柒 (liziqi)'s youtube channel way too late
 liziqi's new videos lowkey boring but i still love her
 I binged watched so many that now I can't anymore.  But i watch the new videos of dianxi and liziqi whenever they come out.
 Shirt videos of Cream Heroes then one from liziqi then a random bangtan bomb lol
 from Liziqi, she has gorgeous videos 
love watching liziqi videos. pretty, talented. jiejie can you cook food for me too
For the same asthetic I also fw: Peaceful Cuisine: 
 tbh you should totally watch Liziqi on youtube!
 Long YouTube videos/autoplay, I recommend Liziqi. Also when my hands got worse I had to ensure I got a far better mouse. They do these big roller ball for scrolling things which may help you? Haven't tried personally sorry
The All-China Youth Federation, a youth organization whose members have typically come from elites in government offices, State-owned firms and colleges, is reaching out to some of China's most popular livestreamers and video bloggers including Li Ziqi and Viya. 
liziqi numbr 1 supporter
Naloloka ako kay liziqi she's really livin the fairytale life,,,, i kinda feel sad when i look at her grandmother tho :^(
me tryna watch normie vids in between streaming so im opening calming liziqi videos
 .....in what world are li ziqi videos short
 They are ok with Li Ziqi, but it's a combination of issues.
 I believe my favourite Youtuber would fit in this category. - Li Ziqi. 
I found a new fav youtube channel, and this is one of the content kelakar, try hard gila nak remake liziqi cooking vid(another famous Youtuber - my fav also)  
I am liziqi and my little basil plant is my garden 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Official Announcement from Liziqi Youtube Channel 
 Something tells me we’re going to be watching Liziqi videos again
（铜锅涮肉）the soup base to blanch sliced mutton in freezing days|Liziqi channel 
that person for me is liziqi on youtube and she has the most beautiful life. she works hard and it doesn’t bother her. i want to be more like that
I'm selling Li Ziqi Salted Duck Eggs for RM. Get it on Shopee now! 
Video superstar Li Ziqi is investing in a snail rice noodle factory 
 please he would feed cwn like liziqi feeds her grandma
Love Liziqi's YT channel.
You guys might also want to check this Liziqi inspired video. Link below 
 Hello! You might wanna check this Liziqi inspired video. Thank you ☺️ 
 Hi! You might wanna check this Liziqi inspired video. Thank you☺️ 
Video superstar Li Ziqi is investing in a snail rice noodle factory. And another round of floods devastates southwestern China 
 Hi liziqi I am big fan of you pls reply me
 I watch liziqi tooo its really appealingg
The sales of Instant in non-China markets in the past month is the sum of the first six months of this year. Vlogger from China will build a factory in the place where the food originated. 
Thinking abt how lwj is liziqi kin
 I really like John wolfe and mr.kravin! Both play lots of indie horror games and neither of them yell! (I don’t like the yelling either haha) my wife loves liziqi, dianxi xiaoge, (homesteading, cute dog)
 her and liziqi are the only things worth watching whatever ‘breadtube’ is they outsold
You might like to check out videos by Liziqi on YouTube: 
This is a calming video from Li Ziqi. 
just discovered liziqi on youtube,,,,the most calming content ive ever watched oh my GOD
 send me all the youtube channels that relax/inspire you so I can retweet them and make other people relaxed/inspired I'll start - Liziqi is a basically a series of live action ghibli films and the plot is "amazing food". 
I can’t stop watching the life of this Chinese girl called Li ziqi its so satisfying living in the countryside ,breathing fresh air , eating organic food away from all the stress of life
Recipes for the food: 
 weed, naps, nature, jonna jinton and liziqi’s YT channel
 I will recommend my own channel 
I got hooked on watching Most Dangerous Ways to School, Liziqi Channel and Behind Bars. 
Yesterday I discovered Liziqi on YouTube and quickly fell in love with her videos 
picking one by one like liziqi cooking the meal from the seeds
China's Biggest Youtube Star Li Ziqi to Tap Into Snail Noodles Craze With Her Own Plant 
can i get a coupon for living in liziqi's house? a week its a great offer ㅠㅠ
 announces new business selling local traditional Chinese dish. 
At the end of the day, everything becomes propaganda when the tightening bounds of 'core socialist values' constrict thought, creation, and distribution. Li Ziqi, a first with a large western audience, finds herself somewhere in this changing definition 
We've seen the central propaganda of the Communist Youth League, which has attempted to steer the rise of hip hop and youth culture. Li Ziqi is evidently not a product of the traditional system, but it has surely been embraced by the web cleanup as the government steers 'harmony'
Li Ziqi hasn't always been the most forthcoming on how the massively popular character and her production came to be. 
In another step to steer and control the new media space, Li Ziqi was nominated to the Communist Party's All-China Youth Federation 
 Liziqi and Dianxi Zaoge are all the ASMR and cooking inspiration I need this whole lockdown
 Chinese vlogger will invest in the construction of a luosifen, or river snail rice noodle, factory in Liuzhou to promote the iconic dish famous for its sour-spicy taste and unique smell. 
 Watch Liziqi. You won't regret it.
Tried following the jam recipe from the chinese youtuber that I always watch. The jam is bomb. Shout out to Liziqi!!!! 
Chinese Youtube blogger Li Ziqi is investing in a snail rice noodle soup plant in Liuzhou, Guangxi, China, which is home to this distinctly-flavored noodle. Li will keep contributing to RD of this dish and alleviate local poverty, she said, Sina Tech reported today. 
yall my history is kpop, pokemon, liziqi, and good why am i getting theSE ADS
 Liziqi really doesn't have a choice, it's a toe the party line or else situation. I hope they do not seize her assets, she really is popular and worth a lot of money. May God bless and protect her.
Pastoral life vlogger and commercial livestreamer have been nominated as members of the Communist Party-backed All-China Youth Federation. Their candidacies come as a surprise to many online observers. 
if you guys like cottagecore i HIGHLY suggest liziqi on youtube. her content is so peaceful and the food she makes looks incredible. there is so much care put into each video and each shot it gorgeous. please go check her out
 Liziqi is the Besstttt 
 Dianxi Xiaoge. Between her and Li Ziqi they could easily rebuild civilization together and probably find a way to grow beautiful babies from steamed lotus roots or something 
I can’t wait to get some land so I can be like Liziqi. She made a whole fence bro just living her best life creating and living off the land
Li Ziqi, I always have no good feeling about her, and it now turned out that I was right.
 Not only this but youtube is a wealth of the stuff. I’m obsessed with these chinese pastoral life vids from Li Ziqi
Time to sleep. Gotta watch LIZIQI vids now
 Soft selling of Li ZiQi. She paints a pretty picture to the world.
 What we said(aviod CCP "positive energy propagandas while their own CP people are suffering behind the CCP backs. Miss Li you should be with *good guys*. Not the BAD guys like the CCP for propaganda use). We saying this as CLEAR warning and advise miss Liziqi the only thing that
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
 Chinese river turns blood red; China's internet star joins CCP group; China's crazy new weapons China in Focus - NTD 
This is the everyone pursuing 
Since Lisa not updating, can Liziqi update her channel pls.
 China has its own youtube (bilibili), but more and more Chinese video creators are also starting to operate youtube. They are not limited to the domestic market. Did you know that now the top ten Chinese youtubers? More than half of youtubers are from China, like Li ziqi
 liziqi on youtube!
I have a fondness for Asian culture. I have admired one lady from China who puts out videos showing traditional cooking, crafts, etc. Her name is Liziqi. Today she joined the Communist Party. Sigh. Cancelled subscription and I unliked her videos. 2,000,000 followers. Bye.
Pastoral life vlogger Li Ziqi and commercial livestreamer Wei Ya were nominated as members of the Communist Party-backed All-China Youth Federation, receiving a mixed reaction on Chinese social media. 
 I guess I won't be watching Li Ziqi any more or Dianxi for that matter. 
I’d like to be known as a rip off of that liziqi girl 
 Jelle's Marble Runs, Betsy Lee's No Evil, Chris Fleming, Cooking With Dog, Household Hackers' As Seen on TV, Kittisaurus Claire Luvcat, Maangchi, Mark Robert, Simone Giertz, Tofupupper, Kiwami Japan, Liziqi, 2IDIOTS, and Sushiramen
Liziqi is a YouTube channel I created featuring a farmer of the Jade Emperor’s world. You may watch the videos on YouTube.
You may know the Jade production of the Emperor Gods. The terms are flower, 2 full Liziqi and Chaotic Never-ending Primordial Beginning. If there is 1 garden of Jade per second for 2 flower ages, there is 2 full Liziqi. Each is 100% Jade for 1g but congested.
China in Focus - NTD Full video: 
One of ’s biggest , , joined a youth group under the . Experts say she could be utilized by the Party for purposes toward audiences since YouTube is banned in . 
 Enjoy! I’ve worked on some food shows and Li Ziqi was the first I found and she absolutely floored me. She’ll build ponds, boil silkworms and make furniture for her family along with cooking.
 Liziqi is awesome. I loved Life of Wheat.
 I don’t think it’s them but love me Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi! Liziqi has insane production values while Dianxi has a giant dog. Also Sister Xia is a great daily Chinese channel that’s a tad more reasonable but amazing cooking!
A river in is turning blood red. This is not the first time. One of China’s biggest internet celebrities, Li Ziqi, joined a youth group under the . Experts say she could be utilized by the party for purposes. Premiere 9:30 pm ET  
 liziqi!!! shes like. a cooking youtuber but she lives on a mountaintop and if the recipe is a tofu dish she shows a timelapse of her planting the beans and drainingn the tofu and everything 
who recommended the liziqi channel on youtube to me. this is cool but i cant find your reply now. anyway thanks
Liziqi gave a new meaning for a country life, tanim-pitas at luto to the highest level gusto ko din ng ganung lifestyle 
Pick up limes is one youtuber, grew just with content, so is liziqi, content should be great before branding your product! Liziqi and Sadia naturally acquired them!!!
As I watched Li Ziqi's videos of Chinese country life, I asked myself: 1. Why do we find scenes of the country life so attractive? 2. If we find it so attractive, what drives people to leave it for city life? (Thread 1/6) 
Li Ziqi lives a quiet life in the Chinese countryside but has built an enviable following of 50 million subscribers. How did she do it? Fascinating article by based journalist Alex Colville, son of British Katharine Dowson. 
Where do I apply to play the grandma role in a Liziqi vid?
How haven't I heard about this amazing channel before? She basically makes everything from scratch. Liziqi is my latest role model. 
 please can uncle Roger do a reaction to 李子柒 Liziqi Youtube Videos 
China's most popular vlogger Li Ziqi “has government support”? Absurd! For the West, only popular cultural products made by countries it deems not a threat represent soft power, otherwise, they are merely used as government propaganda. 
 Try liziqi, her videos are really calming and soothing to watch. 
Uncle Rocer should react to Liziqi 
honestly liziqi should win an oscar for sound editing
I wish I was Liziqi :(
For my yt streaming list e.g.: Ego Shadow Dynamite Liziqi Liziqi On kmf On official mv Black swan Dynamite Bwl Dna Baby shark Random movies trailer Random newsflash Bangtan tv Dynamite Random asmr Mdr Idol Liziqi Stay gold On kmf Dynamite Random cooking/recipes 
Anyone else find videos on YouTube fascinating and calming?? New reliever  
 Lool, You should watch “Liziqi” channel then
 You can watch "Liziqi" in YouTube... really helpful 
  This will give many down votes on her beautiful videos on YouTube. After all, Communism☯️ is actually a religion, a religion of atheism, in which men become gods.
All the united fans search liziqi channel in YT to calm your nerves. Great content calming food vlogs on how to grow food from scratch.
 Wow, never have thought to see Li Ziqi in this context
 Can you please clarify how Liziqi upload in YouTube if it is banned in China
1- Li Ziqi, one of China's most popular vloggers, "attracts over 11 million" international subscribers on YouTube. She is famous for her mesmerizing videos of a countryside of self-sufficiency and simple beauty.....
 the li ziqi vlogs!!! too powerful!!!
 You shouldn't use good girl like for Communist Youth League.
Her beauty, sagacity and video editing skills enamored my mother  My mom used to watch her videos and exhort me to be like her  
New members of All-China Youth Federation, a joint organization of Chinese youth groups with the Communist Youth League of as the core force, were announced on Saturday. Well-known web celebrities such as YouTuber and vlogger included. 
For my yt streaming list e.g.: Ego Shadow Dynamite Liziqi Liziqi On kmf On official mv Black swan Dynamite Bwl Dna Baby shark Random movies trailer Random newsflash Bangtan tv Dynamite Random asmr Mdr Idol Random plants videos Stay gold On kmf Dynamite Random cooking/recipes
of course liziqi’s sunflower arrangement bodied my own 
just watching liziqi on yt again, ugh the smoked sausage ep, yummy!
Another one as famous as liziqi, with a less dream like quality. She is very savvy by having three handsome single men eating with her food everyday: 
Take a break by watching the enchanting country life as portrayed by Liziqi, 
 Ok you know liziqi?!?!??
I’ve been inspired by these empowering Asian women in food lately. Check out their awesome content! In order, Li ZiQi, June Xie, Maangchi, and Rie McClenny! 
 Mine is the Liziqi channel and also if I’m sick AND grumpy. Something about Arin Hanson screeching incoherently is both soothing and hysterical.
 I made this dish tonight. It was really good! None left  I am gonna learn more liziqi’s dishes, so inspiring!
I did it! I made ’s okra dish for the 1st time following her video. We devoured them. My mom my 8-yr old never liked okra, but they liked the dish a lot. I didn’t add spicy pepper in the filling. If you like spicy, you should add some hot pepper in the meat filling. 
My grandparents called to tell me they’re watching Liziqi and it’s hilarious and heartwarming at the same time because I think it reminds them of their lives in rural China. I told them I was a huge fan too 
Meet one of ’s most popular vloggers, Li Ziqi. Picking ingredients from her farm, constructing furniture by hand, and tending her adorable sheep and dogs, she offers a romantic depiction of China’s country life. Yicheng Li reports: 
 58 million viewers.... YouTube food star Li Ziqi simple story 
 YouTube food / countryside living in China.... Li Ziqi 
Inspired by ‘s okra video I watched last night, I’m gonna try to make this dish today, maybe okra tea as well. 
 Do you know Liziqi on YouTube? Here is a video of her harvesting peaches, apricots, and other flowers and fruit to make all different kinds of jams. She’s such an inspiration I never miss her videos. 
YouTube channel "Traditional Me" is a copy of some Chinese cooking channels. Concept is exactly like Liziqi's. But why copy the title style too?
 Liziqi my luv
no liziqi fanbase on twt... and she only uses youtube and weibo... should i just start learning chinese instead... 
 embarrassingggg liziqi outsold ‍♀️
is there any liziqi fan acc here  leaving kpop twt to become a full time liziqiluvr sounds like a good plan tbh
From Hilda to Li Ziqi: cottagecore as a cross-cultural locus of fantasies of female autonomy. In this essay I will
That was some scary loud thunder storms tongiht in Nashville. Had to play videos to calm my kids down. Not only helped them fall asleep, but got some ideas for tomorrow’s lunch  
marathoning liziqi vids on yt n marveling at this kind of life
Wish I was unbothered and living in the pastoral Chinese countryside like li ziqi
Here's my second blog post about Liziqi 李子柒, any fans out there?  
Watxh this Li ZiQi Video. It's soothing. 
the comments westerners leave under li ziqi and xiaoxi's videos about "if you want a wooden bucket made by chinese just go to walmart" "eastern videos are so peaceful and in touch with nature" are so incredibly rude and patronizing you are all freaks!!!! all of you!!!!!
  Whenever we need something soothing, we watch Liziqi ‍♀️
First my parents and now husband and I...we are obsessed with Liziqi's videos. She is living the ultimate dream! 
there's a new liziqi video which sets a wonderful tone for writing all day with it on in the bg 
: Why do some Westerners disparage Chinese vlogger Li Ziqi as having “government support”? For them, only popular cultural products made by countries they deem not a threat represent soft power, otherwise they are government propaganda. 
Li Ziqi (Food Blogger) Biography,Net Worth,Income,Family,Cars,House Li... 
 Yes. Li Ziqi's soft power is so soft that she keeps not touching Chinese politics which is CCP's very hard point.
 Art journal, planner/bujo, paint with me type stuff. And Li Ziqi. 
 The Repair Shop The Great Pottery Throw Down Li Ziqi videos on YouTube
 We dislike Li Ziqi because everything is so fake. It is far from reality of China’s rural areas: poverty, pollution and distroyed community ties...
: Some Westerners say Chinese popular vlogger Li Ziqi is controlled by government, because they are afraid of China's soft power improvement. They probably hope China could stay backward so that they can maintain their psychological superiority. 
plot twist dongwan coming to the wedding with liziqi
Opinion: Some Westerners say Chinese popular vlogger Li Ziqi is controlled by government, because they are afraid of China’s soft power improvement. They probably hope China could stay backward so that they can maintain their psychological superiority. 
liziqi is free therapy
 I WOULD DIE FOR LI ZIQI
Hey, , thought you might like this: The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
A rare interview with Li Ziqi, whose videos we love: 
I made the mistake of watching Li Ziqi’s food vids on yt and now I’m hungry at 3am 
I just want somebody to watch Liziqi cooking with me, it could all be so simple
 if you want peaceful content I recommend Liziqi! I also love junskitchen and you suck at cooking
 I have found a new YouTube channel that seriously chills me out and gives me real comfort - Liziqi. She lives in rural China and she does EVERYTHING herself - she is a ray of light. And the food She even makes furniture and her own silk and her own soy sauce  She is fabaliss
栗子起 nature princess  Check out her YT channel "liziqi" 
what is the best yt channel why is it 李子柒 Liziqi
ok but imagine kita doing farming videos and posting it on youtube like liziqi
 painting! and watching liziqi on yt she's the best ❤
The world of the Jade Emperor is available on Liziqi channel.
Liziqi is definitely Harvest Moon real version
why did i think that liziqi is living in a bamboo house or something. ofcourse her house is huge considering the amount she earns. she deserves all of it. best girl.
 Liziqi!!!! Such an incredible inspiring woman, her videos are soooo satisfying
 You wish you had 20% of Li Ziqi’s subscribers! I love her YT channel and her dedication to taking care of her grandma.
One of China’s most popular vloggers, Li Ziqi, has garnered millions of followers based on her idyllic depictions of China’s country life. 
 highly rec liziqi if you don't already know her
"you've changed fr" bro I found out Liziqi and all I want is nothing but living in a decent house with a large garden and pets
I am a big fan of .
 I watch Li Ziqi’s videos! My favorite genre is probably “countryside living in China” although Li Ziqi’s vids are obviously idealized they’re still beautiful and relaxing!
I thought and were badasses! Can’t get enough of Li Ziqi’s world... Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
does anyone watch liziqi's video? this goddamn creative ass woman made....DRIED OKRA TEA. AND MADE IT LOOK GOOD. my icon
 I watched the four videos posted today and they were very good LiZiqi, congratulations! you deserve it, a hug for you and your grandma, bye!  
7 - checking out my fave youtube vloggers. I’m into jeffreestarr, bestdressed, tryguys, lonefox, slicenrice; PH vloggers, kryz uy, llyan austria, andi eigenmann; Chinese vloggers, liziqi and dianxi xiaoge.  subscribe din kayo sa vlog ng sister ko!! ❤️
"I am Legend" except instead of Will Smith it's 李子柒 Liziqi
Finally, a different title! “The life of okra and bamboo fence, LOL. 这次可... 
 Wow! I love Liziqi! 
 Used to enjoy Li Ziqi videos until she decided to stop adding subtitles. Made me feel kind of left out as an English only speaker. Now I watch more Dianxi Xiaoge.
watching liziqi's vids calm me a bit
watching liziqi videos actually calms my heart i love that woman
 Garden and farm work is mostly very strenuous. I'm always very impressed with how hard Li Ziqi works. (And very amused at how city folk thinks she has a very relaxed and romantic lifestyle)
 Wait I haven't heard of liziqi 
I was watching one of Liziqi's videos and Shaori Zen no theme started playing. And now I am crying like crazy ❤️
Now everyone wants to be Liziqi.
might become a full claire liziqi stan acc  they're really the women of my dreams
i have successfully gotten nancee obsessed with liziqi and baumgartner restoration videos
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
 Oh! I've been wanting to do this since I watched liziqi build one on YouTube. Looks easy, just several steps to break down over a few days
life achievement unlocked: lulus nonton video Youtube Liziqi 
 Indeed, they are the best. There is also a chinese girl that i admire alot called "liziqi" on youtube you should check her out if you haven't already "she's something else".
Chinese Mid-Autumn boxes designed by culture sensation enlight thousands when pre-order begins. 
Chinese Mid-Autumn boxes designed by culture sensation enlight thousands when pre-order begins. 
 I want to go to China’s countryside, like in the Liziqi youtube channel. Maybe for 2 years
No one beats liziqi, even jacinda ardern
For some reason it didn’t strike me until just now that Liziqi/Dianxi Xiaoge/all the Chinese simple living aesthetic videos are really just part of the greater cottagecore bubble
 Liziqi has made a romantic, fairytale vision of the bucolic life. Of course, she is a genius for cinematic composition, story telling, and exquisite musical selection for her YT videos.
Physically I’m in abq during a pandemic but mentally I’m at Li Ziqi’s house for a home cooked dinner from scratch
 I think I've seen Li Ziqi at least referred to as a country life blogger?
 I try *hugs* What is Liziqi?
 Mine did too. When they passed on, they took their secrets with them. Now I have to read books, watch videos, and create my own recipes. Cherish the time you have with them. ❤ I subscribed to Liziqi to help inspire me. 
Never watched BA but pls give Li Ziqi a chance!! Her productions are so visually nice and they always calm me down
I've been following Liziqi's YouTube channel for two years now and man, she still amazes me every time. How to be you po?
gosh i wish i have queen liziqi’s garden.
the only valid cottagecore is my girl liziqi
everyone shut up i am a liziqi stan account now 
 If anyone is looking for calming videos with beautiful scenery and shot well, then I recommend Liziqi Her videos are of idyllic rural life in a Chinese countryside. You'll basically watch this multitalented woman single-handedlymake clothes, furniture, farm cook amazing dishes
Words can not describe how much I enjoy watching Liziqi. Her videos does not only calm me, but they inspire me to do better. 
 A bunch of stuff in Chinese Liziqi cooking Channel
 Liziqi on Youtube 
 Liziqi is the only "farming" channel I need... she's incredible, farms, builds furniture, cooks. I call her the domestic mulan. 
Liziqi is a multitalented person who amuse everyone by her sincere works.She gives us the idea that nothing is impossible in this world If we're willing to do. No matter what's the weather she is ready to go through it easily. 
Luosifen often shows up in videos by food bloggers and Mukbang uploaders. One of the most influential is Li Ziqi, who has 11.4 million subscribers on YouTube. Her video of how to make Luosifen has gained more than 42 million views on the website. 
I'm very curious about Fung Bros and Canto Mando. I feel like the later may be secret China sympathisers because they have mutual respect for Mandarin and Cantonese and adore Li Ziqi, but unsure, difficult to tell.
3 million views in 3 days! Liziqi san rocks! Finally, a different title! “The life of okra and bamboo fence, LOL. 这次可... 
slice-of-life yters like korean baking channels or li ziqi keeps me so grounded and at ease because everything is so tidy, calm, and porcelain-like and it just occurred to me that its probably because my ocd craves to attempt achieving the same kind of perfection 
I love Liziqi’s YouTube vids sm they’re so relaxing
i was gonna switch to working on my other WIP draw but i'm tired... i posted something this morning so i can rest right *goes to rewatch liziqi videos*
LIZIQI NATION WE RISE WE FIGHT
Finally, a different title! “The life of okra and bamboo fence, LOL. 这次可... 
 something like this right!!?? Yunmeng rain shower vibes☺☺ Ps-This is Li Ziqi btw if u don't know her. 
Things I would like Liziqi to sell me bc at this point she is my ultimate influencer: - Liziqi brand kitchen wares (woks, knives etc) - Liziqi brand hair gummies (her hair is beautiful) - Liziqi brand skincare (her skin is flawless!) - last but nothing least LIZIQI COOKBOOK
 I go the other direction and watch Liziqi's videos on YouTube. My favorite antidote to 2020-induced anxiety. 
Participants needed for online survey! Topic: "Questionnaire about the purpose of watching Li Ziqi's videos" 
 liziqi dianxi wildgirl primitif skill kittisaurus
 Nino's home Liziqi Sbs tv animal Watercolor by shibasaki DAY6
 Liziqi, jonna jinton, nct daily, skinnyindonesia, cracking the cryptic.
idk why but the youtube channel “Liziqi” (it has characters idk bc i only speak english) but HER VIDEOS R SO CALMING,,, the amount of work and the quality of the videos is just MWAH so goof
 i was waiting for the liziqi mention 
Didnt realise that i needed a Liziqi video today
Relaxing myself nonton liziqi deg2an tetep:(( 
Have you ever wondered someone trying to follow cooking tutorial by Liziqi? Dumbesttt everr when he tried to hatching the eggs, or tried to being a scale  menangiss 
 that! the reason i never liked Li Ziqi. just some self-exoticizing online project trying to make a buck out of the orientalist fantasy. it's like, ffs, it's goddamn 20 fucking 20.
Liziqi needs to be in the youtube rewind because she is single handedly carrying the platform on her back
 both li ziqi and those guys that make the pools reign supreme on youtube
Free Therapy... Ps Reality's Super Women 
Chinese recipe:The peach blossom wine made by liziqi 李子柒 
flowering vines, And planted a patch of okra next to it! When spring fades into autumn glory, a multitude of vines and fruits turn their faces toward the sun. Full of hopes, as always. Cuisine Food
I wish I get to live a life like Liziqi's.
liziqi is cottagecore aesthetic personified, her videos are literally the best
i wont feel fulfilled unless i become a liziqi wife
I'd die for liziqi tbh
New Liziqi video 
Can Liziqi do like a house/farm tour? I wanna see how big her area is cuz she has plants EVERYWHERE
the only "cottagecore" i believe in is whatever liziqi is doing out in the countryside rn
having a real liziqi moment here cutting my own garden greens to cook in pork belly for lunch - i can grow too!
wanna swap life with Li Ziqi so bad. I hate it here 
wow have you all seen this woman li ziqi on youtube i’m obsessed
no one: me: watches liziqi videos to feel something again
it's vegetable garden yay thanks for inSpiRinG me. tho i fucking know that i live in a tropical country but okay im still gonna do it ky wala mn ko ubrahon kuno abi du sa benguet lang balay namon haha 
Literally dropping my jaw while watching liziqi okra episode like wtf sisss another fence and path??? Hahhh
 MOM DID U WATCH LI ZIQI'S NEW UPDATE YET
omg i didnt know okra/ladies fingers can be turned into a tea liziqi got me shooked!
new video liziqi  gotta watch it now bye
11: 李子柒Liziqi Really cool woman making cooking content in rural China! Her videos are extremely relaxing as she shows the whole process from ingredient harvest-to-table from her farm with really beautiful scenes and traditional cooking methods. 
 How To Cake It, Li Ziqi, Dianxi Xiaoge, Xiaoxi's's Culinary Idyll, Grandpa Kitchen, Villfood Kitchen
Yeah liziqi upload lagi 
Everytime I back from office, I’ll always watch Liziqi videos hahahaha I wanna feel nature
I subscribed to HANSE, Liziqi and Peaceful Cuisine years ago. Their content are amazing and so calming. Also Haegreendal, Ondo, Cooking Tree, Honeykki, Maji and Kimi are good too. Ps: Kimi are like Liziqi but modern korean ver 
No no no why is liziqi's new video in private
11 - Li Ziqi, Weird Al, Keanu Reeves 12 - Bunny-mama and ママ 13 - pink/black 14 - spooders... fucking burn them 15 - Bunny (seriously, it's not my name) 16 - what the fuck is Hogwarts?! 17 - matcha latte/golden milk
I’m sitting here drinking a mojito out of a pouch watching Liziqi videos on tv and when I say this is the most serenity I’ve felt in weeks
I want Penji's house in Liziqi's garden. I WILL run away to china someday damn it.
I can't stop watching Li Ziqi and Elliot Homestead videos and maybe I should just move my family to a rural farm. I think the kids would love having sheep/chickens/ducks/goats/apple orchard
 Wow! Have you heard of Li Ziqi? She has similar gifts talent. How wonderful to find both of them on the www. Many thanks and God bless.
 I was wondering which youtube video you shared and Omg!!! It's LiZiQi!!! Her videos always calm me down 
 liziqi, her videos are so calming and lift my mood up
I want to be a man and marry 
I just finished watching Liziqi new vid about to read comments but its really gone! What happened?  I'm about to see who had the same thinking of me like its my first time seeing that kind of title too w/ a LOL.  Not normal on her channel but I love how carefree it is. 
When Liziqi uploads a new video on youtube. My family members : 
 Ohhh you watch liziqi? i love watching her video too 
 i like to watch liziqi on youtube
Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge ❤️ favorite chinese personalities sobrang calming!!!
i have yet to try the other channel but LiZiqi  huhu fave girl.
hey liziqi on youtube not to be gay but do you like girls 
 Liziqi!!!! U won’t regret it!!
 If you like Li Ziqi you might also like Dianxi Xiaoge! Similar idea but she's a little chattier. Xiaoxi's Culinary Idyll is also in this vein but by a guy.
 CCP China has banned foreign websites, such as twitter, google,YouTube Facebook, built The Great Firewall That regime knows how to forbid others’ values then now? It invades w/ TikTok, WeChat, State-back Media Internet celebrities such as Li Ziqi **YT is banned in China!
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
 I listen to music, specifically instrumental songs or soundtracks, whenever I'm feeling low, while doing a simple task like watering plants or even just sitting around. Watching Liziqi videos lately also helps me relax for some reason, like this one! 
My excellent colleagues at International Student Services share "mental break" content on our lunch break. Today, they blew my mind with the Queen of , the glorious and soothing antics of 
 It just made me want to grow things people can actually use. Let's Li Ziqi this bitch up.
U guys, fckng watch Liziqi on YouTube, she is how I want to live my life
 thanks for the tag dear. i won't be tagging anyone but I'll join the game :) - nature (such as the sceneries from li ziqi's and dianxi xiaoge's videos) -summer sun, sea, sand, shells, stones -动漫 -国风 -霍尊 -new age music -dogs -spicy foods
 Hope Li Ziqi survives the cleansing.
 also this one is defunct now afaik but the archives are unbelievable 
 Have you seen LiZiqi's channel? I could watch her make food for hours, and I have.
 i second binging with babish! he's great. julien solomita, hot for food, stovetop kisses, and liziqi (really different but super beautiful to watch)
no way and they neglected to take down Li Ziqi the biggest Chinese disinformation influencer who misled us to believe in the glory of human existence?!
 Do you ever watch liziqi on YouTube? Really felt your tweet about an alternate life of living off the land, it’s living off the land porn
If everyone can live like Liziqi, the world absolutely peaceful. No stress and everything 100% nature. This is heaven life on earth. She can do anything from everything. Don't need to be rich and famous but live like Liziqi. 
Just watched a Liziqi video - totally amazing, can see why she has such a big viewership. Prob the combo of a very pretty, delicate looking young woman being more capable than anyone I’ve ever seen against beautiful cinematography
Liziqi is true princess from heaven world. She can cook, grow her own food, build her own house, made her own clothes, her own make up, cutting bamboo tree, harvest her own vegetables in style and overall she is a good perfect woman. 
Watch "Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life" on YouTube 
One of the best Liziqi's video  You never made me dissapointed 
liziqi masuk line today 
im always the first person to freak out about bugs creeping too close but Liziqi's channel makes me want 
 I love LiZiqi. Just before bed. So sooooothing.
 yes li ziqi is freaking incredible
 Dianxi xiaoge and liziqi!!! My faves
Li Ziqi has Set Up a New Food Company and May Export Chinese Food. 
Every time I watch a liziqi video I remember why life is important
Lol, I love freedom of speech, USA style~~ Are Li Ziqi and Grandpa Amu still there? Lololol~~~~ Better ban them all togethet~~~~
I see stuff like "this is propaganda" on Liziqi videos and I'm like? Hello? This is a woman trying to make a living? Is everyone on YouTube a propaganda account for making videos??
 I'd marry Li Ziqi given the chance. 
 I love watching Rachel and Jun!! Almost all of their videos are of really nice quality. Their cats are adorable too. I also like binge watching TwoSetViolin and Liziqi! :))
Lockdown thoughts: wouldn't it be great to move to a small town, grow veggies, bake bread, maybe distil some vodka, open a bb and cellar door. Pretty much smaller-scale Li Ziqi 
Cabin - outdoor veg garden theme inspired by Li Ziqi. There’s a food prep/cooking corner on the left and dining area on the right. No one seems to be interested in cooking though... 
I like that tranquilizing video of Liziqi when she chopped down a few bamboo trees and then continued to build a two storey house all in one episode.
li ziqi and her grandmother will be the last surviving humans on this earth and i’m okay with that
Li Ziqi (Chinese): 
Shy shared LiZiqi with me when we still worked together and I’ve not stopped watching her. My rural Chinese princess and DIY queen. I never know what’s she making so every video is an adventure: 
Li Ziqi is the QUEEN of cottagecore. So excited to dive into the other creators here too 
Do Li Ziqi, Dianxi Xiaoge, Vevenoah M, Grandpa Kitchen, etc count as or does it only count if you're European? 
Liziqi vids before sleeping
if liziqi is chinese propaganda i am here for it fervently love a socialist motherland what kind of core is this 
they copied liziqi's whole flow, word for word, bar for bar! 
 Liziqi (李子柒) and other traditional Chinese cooking videos, the screenshots sum the rest up 
I want to be Li Ziqi lamia na muchange career
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
I’ve been watching Liziqi for the past hour I need to go to sleep
The life of cucumbers-Liziqi Channel 
now that i think about it liziqi is just ccp-sanctioned cottagecore aesthetic for urban chinese millenials 
liziqi channel and chill
nothing puts me at ease more than li ziqi's youtube videos
While catching up on our English and Chinese videos on YouTube this afternoon we watched the MacGyver/ Martha Stewart like skills of 李子柒 Liziqi which was all about cucumbers 黄瓜 and our 3y/o was shocked at the tomatoes she picked and ate saying: "Aaand she didn't wash them."
While catching up on our English and Chinese videos on YouTube this afternoon we watched the MacGyver/ Martha Stewart like skills of 李子柒 Liziqi which was all about cucumbers 黄瓜 and our 3y/o was shocked at the tomatoes she picked and ate saying: "Aaand she didn't wash them."
 Our own Li Ziqi. Excellent! Hope she'll continue to exhibits different facets of our traditional food and lifestyle.
 Li Ziqi videos on youtube are so darn relaxing, too. She makes food and crafted items from start to finish in her grandparents' rural home in Sichuan Province, China. Lovely music and it makes you want to make things.
 I dunno if this will help but look at these cute puppies and when I'm stressed I watch this girl called LiZiqi on youtube she might help you feel better: Puppy: 
liziqi is the only YouTuber actually
Current comforts: My plant identification Facebook group, and Li Ziqi's YouTube.
 
 (This fish is amazing, but I really want to make my own a la Li Ziqi one day!! 
There is something so satisfying in watching Liziqi grow, pick, and cook her own food 
the only person that can calm me down is 李子柒 Liziqi on YouTube
Am I really saying you need to watch a 20-minute video on 'The life of cucumbers' today? Yes - you do. And your brail will thank you for it.黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
 Checkout Liziqi super aesthetically pleasing not standard asmr but she still gets all the cooking noises etc 
I need to learn to read Mandarin just to know what the heck Liziqi is doing in her videos
This is the best channel that I have ever stumbled upon. The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel And 
sleep music | liziqi bgm | traditional Chinese music with rain古典睡眠音樂Musica Tradicional China Come check out liziqi background music for sleep and mediation! 
sleep music with rain | liziqi background music 李子柒背景音乐 | one-hour oriental music Just started a YouTube channel for sleep and meditation music! Please come visit! 
I used to intentionally not make lunch plans at work so I could quietly eat at my desk watching Li Ziqi videos on YouTube lol 
Watching liziqi make ice cream and I just 
 ITS SO HECKING CUTE.... just lwjs small town adventures with liziqi-style youtuber wwx and cute kiddo a-yuan I LOVE IT
 I love liziqi sis is so hard working and takes care of her granny I find their relationship so sweet.
I found another YouTube channel of people living in the village like Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge but it's set in Sri Lanka. It's called Traditional Me.
my dad and i just spent an hour watching liziqi videos???
 Dream life 
 Liziqi obvs.
Hey show the Liziqi ones to your bride and to your oldest child!
liziqi's videos FUCK
If you're a fan of Liziqi on YT you may enjoy 
Do you think that’s even Li Ziqi’s real grandmother? Be honest 
OMG, my ginger IS growing! Hey , I’m just like Liziqi!  
Capturing the summer! Field to Fork Farm 
Watch Li Ziqi on YouTube or stay depressed. Those are your options.
Latest obsessions: walking around Japan 
 ALSO LIKE in reference to ur OG twt,, youtubers like Liziqi are bolstering the cottagecore movement allowing younger generations to connect with nature again like we WANT people to be yearning for and returning to the countryside JEEZ
Who else wanna live like Li ZIqi?
been watching liziqi's vlog since afternoon 
i love her and liziqi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dianxi Xiaoge - a lot like Liziqi's content, she also lives a peaceful life with her family and her videos depict everyday life in Yunnan, China; she harvests her ingredients and makes scrumptious meals for her family (along with her giant dog, Dawang) 
Liziqi - she's a lady who lives in a rural province in China, she plants and harvests everything she cooks and can even make clay ovens from scratch, watching her videos make me want to live with her haha, all her videos are so calming and interesting 
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
 I feel like I need to watch a Liziqi video to lower my blood pressure.
What is cottagecore, Is it pretty much like Li Ziqi's whole brand...
i bet if taehyung meet liziqi, they'd be buddies at that instant  i mean both loves nature, loves their own grandparents and both are hardworking individuals  they are literally twin souls
 I'd never heard of ondo before but it's so chill  kinda reminds me of Liziqi's style a lil
 yo dude love your streams. Do you plan on doing another chill stream watching Liziqi again?
Lmfaooo i feel like this is liziqi’s much more chaotic tethered
anyway here's some cooking channels Chef Wang 
I'm now watching the Liziqi YouTube channel to distract myself from the crushing weight of 2 years of work premiering tomorrow
 Liziqi, One meal a day, Lindsay Holiday, HANSE, Hyram, James Walsh y el mejor de todos, Primitive Unique Tool
Liziqi before going to bed ☺️
 i often watch someone similar like liziqi her name is dianxi xiaoge!! love these type of videos
 Music, games and movies or youtube. Theres one chinese youtuber called liziqi, her videos are very relaxing to watch usually helps me a bit :). Anxiety sucks, i have a severe anxiety and panic disorder so i have quite a lot experience of that..
Hm an interview with Dianxi Xiaoge. At least a lot better than what happened with Liziqi :c 
Soooo comforting to watch Liziqi's vlogs.
thank u li ziqi for teaching me abt the wonders of a chinese chef's knife
My fav youtuber, she knows everything, watch one of her videos, definitely AMAZING Her Youtube channel: Liziqi
I was just chilling watching Liziqi on youtube and all of a sudden this popped up I’m so glad I didn’t go to sleep yet 
Soooo relaxing to watch videos of Liziqi. Also, what an amazing woman to have all those life skills! Her farm must be so wonderful to visit. :D 
Yoga with Adriene followed by a Liziqi video today got me like 
Have any of you seen vlogs that Korean ladies make on house keeping, not to mention Li Ziqi or Cambodian survival vlogs No white could ever reach the level
Dream life (for me) is just like Liziqi channel on YouTube. Best mother of nature in life.
Nothing chills me out more than Liziqi and Dianxi.
Only cottagecore content I wanna see is Li Ziqi thanks
am I watching liziqi? I REFUSE TO ADMIT NOTHING. *flees*
- ochako is an amalgamation of my favorite YT cooking personalities: brad leone, sohla el-waylly, liziqi, and emmymadeinjapan with some day 3 meltdown!claire saffitz thrown in - bakugou... is bakugou. maybe with some gordon ramsey in there, but he's in a league of his own.
oh to be liziqi thats it thats the tweet
 i'm gonna plug my homegirl liziqi here. her videos are really calming she does chinese cooking and a lot of other diy stuff everything from scratch too. calming music in the background etc... 
 Li Ziqi is sooooooooo good!! I save her videos as little mindful treats for days when I need motivation and inspiration in life
 If you like her you should follow Li Ziqi too, she's the OG of this genre Both ridiculously hard-working to be as successful as they are, mad respect for them 
Watching Li Ziqi (李子柒) videos ‍⚒️ titled things like "Life of Tomato" and "Life of Cucumber"☺️ but I always get "Death of Chicken" as well 
Liziqi: If you haven't heard of her you are missing out. She lives in a rural province of China, grows and harvests food and makes simple wholesome food dishes. It's a feast for your eyes and senses. ❤❤❤ 
Was so stressed but calmed down after watching Li Ziqi's video
Just love Twitter. People are telling each other what to watch in this time of global meltdown and I’ve discovered on and it is mesmerising. Like taking a pill and floating on a cloud.
 Thank you liziqi for your mushroom videos on youtube ✨
 we can fix up the house and farm until we're living like li ziqi
 oh men u know liziqi!! hidden gem of youtube HAHAHAHAHA
my life goal is to live like liziqi
 of goldthread2 • Have you heard of Li Ziqi? (We just learned about her today.) She’s a Chinese food and country-life vlogger, famous for “perform[ing] the work of a farmer with the grace of a fairy.” Her… 
thought we didnt have albahaca but there was some in the garden... felt like li ziqi for a min there 
 Them and Liziqi 
Stan Liziqi for a better life 
 young women just want to embroider flowers onto their shirts and learn to make quiche, they don't want ANYTHING to do with politics and only parrot liberal praxis because it's low effort so they can go back to watching li ziqi on youtube and write postcards to their grandmas
 Liziqi for me :)
 Anything liziqi does, everything is done from scratch 
This Chinese blogger named Li Ziqi is absolutely the best at DIY. Sis grew cotton to make her own mattress and raised silk worms for a dress. On top of making beer from the wheat she grew, and growing the peas to make tofu...
watched liziqi make a duvet for winter and she started the process by raising her own silk worms absolute godtier diy
Li Ziqi, the new face of China's countryside - SupChina 
idk why but everytime i watch dianxe xiaoge and liziqi i keep thinking of modern au food country-life blogger jiang yanli
Li Ziqi, the new face of China;s countryside 
my youtube history be like *historical baking videos* *painting restoration* *WildernessTV* *antique restoration* *mochamilk* *liziqi*
 Liziqi on YouTube the mushroom episode
 Here's a couple videos that'll demystify Li Ziqi a bit: 
 Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge are indeed phenomenal. Also note: as the content is silent, it internationalizes very well; they are (I think) the most-watched CN channels on YouTube, which makes them a significant piece of CN soft power (compare eg with CCTV presence on YouTube)
 Y'all sleeping on Liziqi
white girls claim they’re cottagecore but somehow they’ve never watched a li ziqi video smh 
wanna live a life like li ziqi and just get away from all this shit but i can't hhhhh
liziqi is like... peak cottagecore
Li Ziqi is one of China's most popular vloggers. Her videos show viewers a world they've lost: A countryside of simple beauty and purposeful work, devoid of the daily stresses of modern living — 
 lmao it's just the usual, sortedfood, maangchi, li ziqi, xiaoyin, babish, honeykki, nigiricco, cookingwithdog
Omg Li Ziqi is so pretty! She’s the kind of person who is begging to be transmigrated to another world. Lol
 dude why does yoongi look so mush like Liziqi here
My 2 favourite youtubers currently are, Liziqi - She prepares traditional Chinese food from scratch in the most zen videos that she directs herself. Avantgardevegan - He is a handsome man that creates and cooks appetising vegan meals. His crockery kitchen are  too.
Also if you don’t know Liziqi on YouTube GO SEARCH IT NOW HER VIDEOS ARE MY FAVORITE THING EVER THEY’RE SO CALMING AND WONDERFUL
This is like the exact opposite of Liziqi’s videos on YouTube 
 Li Ziqi recently did an episode on this -- she made it with the kumiss, and then distilled it. 
 Omg always Liziqi my princess my dream
In this week's Chinese Lives column, writes about Li Ziqi, a shy but tough jack-of-all trades whose videos about country life — particularly its food — have made her one of China's biggest online celebrities: 
Someone please tell me how Liziqi is living with peace 
 UWIWWW me also loves liziqi to the bones
 liziqi too. I love her contents.
 Liziqi’s great arch enemy
liziqi videos are a GODSEND but the comment sections for them are the most pretentious and exhausting places on earth
 Love it - hope it doesn’t crack in the kiln . I reccomend Liziqi on YouTube too. I can watch her for hours!
 Maangchi is great too! So is this channel called “小高姐的 Magic Ingredients“. And if you want stupidly high production values set on a picturesque farm in China, check out Liziqi
a testament that TikTok抖音 and Li Ziqi李子柒 is part of CCP's propaganda to "change" US quietly. Someone from the states should definitely look into it. P.S. Yen Feng is the prof of Fudan University yanfeng12342000.com 
I finally know what and who I wanna be. I wanna be like Liziqi on YouTube and just be a plain farming girl in the mountains with my puppies and mum
Tell me, just who doesn’t love Li Ziqi? Her videos of idyllic rural life, followed by millions on YouTube, helped propel Guangxi “luosifen” streetfood to international markets during the pandemic—2.5 million packets produced daily. News on China no. 10: 
So this video called the life of chilli? chopped chili fish head,red oil sheet jelly| Liziqi Channel 
you might not know it but you need this in your life 李子柒 Liziqi 
 Doll crafters like Dollightful are really easy to get lost in. There is also a whole genre of "Chinese people cooking traditional meals" that are super soothing and aesthetically pleasing to watch. You can start with LiZiQi, and it just spirals out from there.
 Off the top of my head. Baumgartner Restorations is a great. Really chill and technical. I love the Lockpicking Lawyer also, just a guy who's really good at lockpicking. Liziqi is a Chinese YouTuber that makes things from scratch, be it food, crafts or furniture, also very chill.
This gets me through the night. These women are incredible! Have you met Li ziqi and Dianxe Xiaoge? I have my husband to thank for introducing me to their YouTube channels. Calming! Goodnight world! 
 Anything by Liziqi on YouTube. 
 The professor at Fudan University said: If China is patient and uses online literature, TIKTOK, and Li Ziqi (a YouTube video blogger who uses fictional videos of Chinese rural life to beautify China) slowly changing the US, history will follow Conducive to the direction of China. 
I'm just so lucky I've found your Channel everthing about on your Blog is worth to share. 
where is my JC!sailor moon gif from donghua? we went nuts over that one, i cri, where did you go shiny jiujiu  when he whipped that log in half? [smushes that and this together] his liziqi carpentry skills. instead of using a saw, he whips bamboo down. yes.
 member Yan Feng: IF WE HAD BEEN MORE PATIENT IN CHANGING AMERICA with our online literature, TikTok and Li ZiQi (Chinese Youtuber), will things be different by now? They have always wanted to engulf the world. Always. 
TEAMVIEWER168: Chinese tycoon Li Ziqi makes day by day video to t... 
I feel sorry for everyone who hasn’t found Liziqi’s channel on YT yet.
liziqi’s video are soo therapeutic. she can do everything - she’s living such a peaceful life  
LIZIQI omg i love this station. If you need something to calm you this is it.
 Never mind. Found it down in the thread. Liziqi.
I'm not very good at finding them but I love JunsKitchen and 李子柒 Liziqi
Li Ziqi is great, I love her channel. (I really wish people wouldn't call her content propaganda just because it's well shot... Chinese people can in fact afford nice cameras now, yknow).
 Liziqi on YouTube can be technically called for tv, of you haven't heard about her she's a Chinese lady living in the countryside and grows all the food she cooks, her videos are beautiful and out of this world 
 Chinese farming videos trigger some recessive ancestral Chinese mountain people urges in me. Li Ziqi is the worst because once she hired her camera crew to get those god tier shots, it was just full propaganda now with the pandemic, I’m like… yeah, might have to go farm a bit. 
 Li Ziqi! Her videos are stupidly addictive and suspicious af.
It's called Liziqi! Here's the tomato hot pot vid: 
 If I had to guess, Liziqi
Is there anything that Li Ziqi cannot do? I’ve not seen anything so satisfying for a long time... 
Liziqi’s videos are almost the only thing that makes me go to sleep peacefully since last year. I thank her so much for sharing beautiful traditional Chinese life with us. 
my hobby is tweeting crap while liziqi is on tv yt planting cucumbers
I miss gardening and admire how she lives totally by doing everything herself~ The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
 I too am obsessed with Li Ziqi. She's obviously rich but also clearly works hard on the farm.
 the life of cucumbers by liziqi energy
 Amazing video. She is on YouTube, name liziqi
 Oh yeah!! Li Ziqi often has her grandma in her videos too...
 I am FASCINATED with the Chinese context. I read somewhere of a plan to send students to rural areas again (!) Then there is Li Ziqi whose videos I am obsessed with – the deft powerful aestheticisation of farm-to-table cooking ‘traditional’ tools techniques
Liziqi you make it look so easy
Wanna live like Liziqi
Have you heard of Li Ziqi? Watch her push rocks and eat tomatoes. 
If you need a break from the ugly in the world; may I introduce Liziqi and her lovely, fairy tale like existence. 
 god i love those Victorian cooking videos. i just feel so transported. those and the li ziqi style ambient videos are my anxiety aid nowadays
The finished redesign of Ailisi Lei, I picked a voice for her too, I'm super excited!! YouTube's Li Ziqi (woman with the long hair) 
liziqi makes me realize that i indeed have a wolf inside of me that wants to live in a cottage in the countryside
stan liziqi for a clear skin 
 there are so many ways hanfu!hubby can slowly edge onto screen... with liziqi and others, the camerawork is kept away, but i just. i think it would be so cute if LXC can't help himself. or sometimes JC throws him a look, and you can just sense a convo happening 333
  Have you heard of dianxi xiaoge who makes similar content as liziqi but she lives in Yunnan and is almost always accompanied by her giant dog as she walks through the lotus ponds
 never apologise, m'dear! :DDD haha, i think liziqi!JC... hanfu!dad... ah, it all fits!! holy shit yes, the shiba inu oven!! XDDD aw man, theres so much in this. haha. i'm randomly imagining JC going "we need tofu... i'll make some" just everything = "i'll make some"
im just adding to this thread, not that its in any way chronicled: - JC wearing hanfu in liziqi style, his "garden" is a fucking mountain - "yeah, i'm just gonna go grab some [x]" - {camera pans to stunning vista, JC monkey-climbing up a tree} - "i need a sieve... i'll make one"
 a suggestion, the videos of Liziqi would have better "propaganda" effect of attraction of China.
 Ohhh what if he wears hanfu because sometimes he does very traditional cooking stuff like liziqi’s videos
 “Well, I don’t think it’s actual ASMR but that Li Ziqi lady makes the nice stir fry shots and the sizzle is good? The rest of that ASMR stuff is pretty useless to be honest.” So, uh, no. Not really. “I dunno, I like the Chinese restaurant when you can hear the spoon -
6. StOP WATCHING LIZIQI VIDEOS OF DELICIOUS FOOD I CAN'T EAT 7. Work out
I randomly came across this Chinese food blogger on YouTube Liziqi now I'm about six 20 minutes videos deep lol amazing - she doesn't talk, just shows her whole process from planting, harvesting then cooking for her her grandma. Just incredible so colourful 
Let me take a nap while watching Liziqi, and waiting for YG ass announce the fucking cb
 If you like that mountain vibe than you should watch liziqi the most relaxing youtube channel I have ever found and she grows all of her food in the fields!
oh to be li ziqi picking fruits and living peacefully in the woods 
 good i think! we made slime and watched ice age and now were watching liziqi 
[lies on bed watching youtubes] no motivation only li ziqi
taylor swift is collaborating with LIZIQI ON FOLKLORE 
 Liziqi feels 
 Look up these 2 channels: Dianxi Xiaoge Liziqi Thank me later!
sometimes i wonder if has ever watched liziqi and what he thinks about her
liziqi is the real cottage core queen xx
Not to burst your bubble BUT if youre familiar with Liziqi and Diangxi Xiaoge, you would be know that this is a ligitimate way of steaming/cooking rice. EXCEPT FOR THE PART WHERE SHE RINSED IT WITH TAP WATER. No maam
 Watch vlog at YouTube. Liziqi n haegreendal really help me to feel sleepy n calm hihii i recommend you to watch their channel
watching liziqi dianxi xiaoge videos and im just like THE GIANT WOK. I NEED
Li Ziqi video saved my evening.
taylor swift is in the era we all go through the cottagecore femme uwu girl liziqi flower boho gardening homecooked meals era
Liziqi videos on yt are my kind of sleeping pills.... Literally
Idk if you guys know who liziqi on yt, but if you’re bored and you’re mind’s a mess I highly recommend her videos. It’s so calming, it makes you want to go and live in a village.
 What?! Pandas are originally Sichuan Province's animals. And Sichuan Province is Li Ziqi's hometown.
watching Liziqi make latkes like ️️
Just want to go stay for a week. Looks like Paradise. The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
 Maybe plant some cherry tomatoes do you know Li Ziqi tho I know she is chinese propaganda la and her life is unrealistic, but I enjoy that kind of farming life 
If you want to be in awe and you love asmr and food porn, watch "Liziqi" on YouTube.
 LIZIQI IS MY FAVORITE!! Her channel always inspires me! I will definitely check out these other channels!
huh. ever since i subbed to liziqi there's been an influx of cn youtubers doing cottagecore stuff on my recommendations...
 aaaahhhh the sauce dipping in dimsum is soo goodd, each time I saw liziqi channel when she used chili oil on the dish, my mouth salivating kasjkaak
 First the house renovation, now raising farm animals. When are you gonna start a farming channel like Li Ziqi?
how can I have skills like Li Ziqi ?  she is truly an extraordinary woman  but I agree, at least in life we ​​must be able to have some ability to survive in any condition  
This is next level chill and how I want to live my life right now....and I don’t even like cucumbers... The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
Losing it at the chicken getting sl*ughtered off screen in this liziqi video 
Gonna start an Americanized LiZiQi channel where i cook possum at my grandparents cabin in Northern Minnesota.
 I was watching Gentle Whispering all day along with checking out some others. I'll look up Liziqi!
 I really like Gentle Whispering. Also, Liziqi the woman in rural china who does elaborate cooking videos
I wish Li ZiQi would open an AirBnB... Or maybe just a BnB
 That's adorable 3 Then on the other end, we have Liziqi 
I wish I was a cool as Liziqi. One day I'll be as good of a gardener as her
binging a bunch of liziqi vids‍❤️‍‍
is there anything miss liziqi cannot do??? each video leaves me more in awe than before 
 Han can we please, I wanna live that Li Ziqi life
 Ohh I love Tingting too! Haven't heard of Liziqi though, so I gotta check them out later :D
 Do you ever watch Liziqi? Love her channel. Sooo relaxing
 Imagine showing this channel to moms out there and they be comparing their kids to liziqi
I made (tiny) Zongzi ^^ I hope Dianxi xiaoge and liziqi are proud of me  
Watching Liziqi's video..release my stress
I love.. LIZIQI on YouTube. I watch her religiously.. and am always waiting for her to post. Everytime we watch her we end up disappointed in our lifestyle etc.  Her videos are so therapeutic, inspiring and really deserves all the subscribers and love she gets..
 My gf I have been watching Liziqi videos thinking the same. 
lmao i'm mourning the loss of my fav shirt, and mom is mourning the loss of a good quality bedsheet they used to transfer me onto the hospital bed... we have the wrong type of priorities  is there any good news i missed over the weekend?  i'm about to watch some liziqi~
liziqi made me want 2 live on a farm by myself for almost the entire summer last year
My life now revolves around Li Ziqi, a Chinese cooking vlogger who grows beautiful produce and prepares gorgeous meals for herself and her shriveled grandmother. She lives on a mountain. The music is very soft. It is all that makes me feel alive anymore: 
Photo study, a frame from 李子柒 Liziqi video 
you watch liziqi once and you start dreaming of moving to the countryside
im obsessed with Liziqi's youtube channel
liziqi forgot her basket while trying to pick mushrooms and she dead ass made one right there and there like?????
Watching Emmymadeinjapan and Liziqi's Youtube videos make me happy
do you ever just feel like... if I can’t live like liziqi then what even is the point anymore
I cannot stop watching Liziqi's videos. So enticing 
Plus the ape man/yeti had a chimpanzee (in the Amazon) as his accomplice. And I couldn't help thinking the leading lady bore a striking resemblance to YouTube superwoman Chinese beauty Li Ziqi.
the thing about watching the grandpa amu or liziqi videos is i know at some level they're allowed to do what they do as state propaganda but it certainly persuades me that if we could get rid of communism then we could easily make friends with the Chinese people, they're lovely
me, watching more videos: “hm, that sheep looks like it could use a haircut” me thirty seconds later: “OH -OF COURSE- LI ZIQI KNOWS HOW TO SHEAR A SHEEP”
liziqi is the only thing keeping me sane right now yall im THIS close 
Watching this or any video in her channel is the most relaxing thing you will do today. It really helped with my anxiety. - The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生丨Liziqi Channel 
Sometimes I wanna cut all this crap and go life a Liziqi life.... Fuck this shit man...
liziqi is sending me coded messages in her youtube videos
Dude Liziqi videos are just one of a kind
Starting the day with Liziqi's new video~ Always so calming =w= The life of cucumbers黄瓜的一生 
Liziqi and her surviving skill never stop amazed me 
I love Liziqi on YouTube she is simply incredible
"Everyone has only a lifetime to spend. On the premise of health, Eat if you want, drink if you want, be happy if you want to be happy... Live our day happily." - Liziqi
 Thanks ri. Yes i love these kind of videos. If you’re into these kinds of vids, i also recommend watching from Liziqi’s youtube channel. Here’s one of my favorite episode. 
cucumbers from the vine, and some termite mushrooms from the mountains. Cucumber peels with Lap-mei, cold noodles with chicken shreds, fried rice with cucumbers, Chinese chicken burrito… tastes like Li Ziqi’s summer. How about yours?
Please subscribe to 【李子柒 Liziqi 】Liziqi Channel on YouTube if you like my videos: 
Me telling my mom how beautiful liziqi is and her being like why u keep saying she’s pretty
What's the weird account you watch on YouTube? Mine is Liziqi. Just search Liziqi. No talk. No conversation. Just silently watch her do her thing. She is a GOAT.
When the day is over, and I watch twenty minutes of cucumbers with because that's the most sophisticated content I can handle right now. 
 Just watching Liziqi and feeling the opposite of pure shit 
 people on this website watch one liziqi video and just let their mind go wild
"...in the first half of the year, I set up bamboo fences around the outer walls, and planted some vine plants and vegetables, like and luffas." Watch grow, harvest, and prepare these cucurbits to make delicious dishes.  
Li Ziqi. That’s it. That’s the tweet.
Watching liziqi's videos is what I imagine it would be like to encounter elves late in the Third Age of Middle Earth. A momentary glimpse of an idyllic world that possibly never existed, but will definitely never exist for me. It's so beautiful that I want to die for its lack.
 IM SO LAZY IM IN MY PJS HAHSJSHXKHSHSSH ill go in 20 mins let me watch this liziqi vid 
do I have to make my own LiZiqi fancam or what
Cw food // Liziqi: this video is about cucumbers. First step: build a bamboo wall for the roses to climb onto
great time for a new liziqi video 
I feel asleeep early last night watching Li Ziqi videos and I have not felt this calm and rejuvenated on a Monday morning in a while
you ever want to leave it all behind and go live like liziqi
Honestly wish I could live like I was in a LiZiqi video, that's the absolute dream 
Thinking about the Giant Mushrooms LiZiqi found 
 oooooohhhh very aesthetic si haegreendal (i browsed her channel) and i just watched a liziqi vid just now hahhahaha sige will look her up
 My healing channel  Liziqi 
almost started the new li ziqi video without any food to eat while watching it that would have absolutely fucked me over
I've been wanting to grow cucumbers and liziqi just posted a vid about cucumbers.. it's a sign
HEY HEY HEY NEW LIZIQI VIDEO
LIZIQI PISTED A 20MIN VIDEO BYE
wanna live like liziqi ;——-;
Wanna live like Liziqi, its combination between modern life and traditional life 
Liziqi is the only person i will choose and trust my life im zombie apocalypse
 Liziqi! We ordered take out from Taste of Asia and they were playing her videos when we walked in to pick it up. They play her stuff and Bite of China.
 This girl too  Liziqi ➤ Vote BTS 
 Do you know Liziqi?
 Stan liziqi for smooth skin
 ???????? no I am watching liziqi and dianxi xiaoge on youtube
 I really love that part, yuju look like liziqi here in. side view
I’m watching Liziqi and I don’t know how but I want to recreate that aesthetic in my writing
Liziqi's Chinese knife 
 yesss i love liziqi
 watching liziqi and dianxi xiaoge to de-stress ‍♀️
 Liziqi,perfectly cut screams,vine compilations and kpop shit.
stan liziqi for a clear skin and a healthy mind 
Been getting these strong urges lately to quit my job everything and move back to my grandparents' village and live as a shepherd... impacts of the lockdown or religiously watching Liziqi?
if yall aren't watching liziqi's videos you're MISSING OUT
Liziqi you are my night 
bitch, and I'm out here saying "graphic design is my passion" Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 liziqi channel is the one i usually watch to rest my head and get inspired ♥ she's an amazing person who does traditional chinese cooking and all sorts of other cool stuff. its very aesthetically pleasing and calming! she's great 
I was surprised when my sis sent me a photo of our tomatos at home is finally getting ripe beautifully today but then i watched liziqi channel about life of tomatos its just... wkwk kentara sekali newbie-nya w. 
Watching Li Ziqi and drinking coffee with Tyler
oh it’s 3:13am? well, time to watch LiZiQi on youtube ☹️
 Hot Ones , terrain and/or diorama building, Liziqi videos
it’s a good evening to drink a beer the size of my head and binge Li Ziqi videos
 I recommend Li Ziqi on youtube her videos are just purely soothing ang peacful 3
Some of us are trying to watch liziqi grow yet another forest
Liziqi is the best channel on YouTube.
stan liziqi stan powerful queen 
So, my wife has introduced me to the wonder that is Liziqi. Imagine if you took the cooking channel, merged it with and filled it with simple joy. Now I'm sharing this with you 
watching liziqi on the wall is making my day 
Official Announcement from Liziqi Youtube Channel 
Bich just watched liziqi's channel for like one hour 
the only youtubers i care about are cooking tree, hanse, zoe’s, guga foods, taste show, jonna jinton, liziqi, janelle eliana and nino’s home
 LIZIQI IS A BLESSING TO THIS WORLD
God. I wanted to be Liziqi’s daughter.
Lol aku dh letak references dkat image tapi tk keluar  Referencing from 1st photo: google search great homes george clarke 2nd photo: drummond houseplan 3rd photo: google search LiZiqi garden layout
me: story of seasons :) liziqi: 
im sorry i cant be liziqi 
 ooh yeah that might be true! I feel like if that's the case then it's just hard out since ch gvt is so secretive about these things and Li Ziqi is prob not big enough for foreign/ch reporters to dig into
If you haven't seen liziqi channel on YouTube yet then I feel sorry for you .
 Ah- i hope you will get rid off that thoughts soon :( I have a tip for you. It works on me at first but i guess i am too tired so it doesn't work on me anymore. But try to watch liziqi's channel on youtube
fave youtubers!! — NATHAN ZED NATHAN ZED NATHAN ZED. also JACKSFILMS.  KONOHA AS A YOUTUBER BUT HES JACKSFILMS. also also I love watching liziqi’s videos ugh theyre so RELAXING i HIGHLY recommend 
Time to watch liziqi and clear my mind
 One meal a day, puflova, Milyhya, agung hapsah, tim2one, jurnalrisa, liziqi, dll
 Tbh for me watching liziqi videos makes me want to tidy up my room, making my own furniture, trying new recipes and regretting why my life has been useless this past 25 years
just watched liziqi channel for like 2 hours, peace is my middle name, 2020 who
  literally my mom but shes like: watch dianxixiaoge or liziqi with me
I feel like Crash Landing on You is Li Ziqi video meets Days of Our Lives?
 liziqi is a spirit of nature i love her
staying at home and just watching Liziqi’s life all day long auto pengen tinggal di hutan aja
 Rachel and Jun, MilkyBokiTan, ETTV, Aden Films, Nino's Home, Dianxi Xiaoge, Liziqi, European Speedrunner Assembly, SmallAnt1, Jrose11, Summoning Salt, Viced Rhino, Professor Stick, Scishow, PBS Eons, Kurzegesagt, Overly Sarcastic Productions, ManlyBadassHero,
why do y’all think anything that involves chinese people in a somewhat positive light is propaganda? liziqi is propaganda, chinese street fashion is propaganda, WE RLY CANT FUCKING WIN WITH YALL. the sinophobia is jumping out sis ✨
 Have you seen liziqi on YouTube?
 The reclusive food celebrity Li Ziqi is my quarantine queen 
 She's Liziqi.. famous YouTube
 She’s Liziqi! She makes amazing videos wherein she cooks with traditional ways... she also does carpentry sometimes and other stuff... honestly watching her work is pretty satisfying and relaxing
 Lewat timeline. Liziqi is that you?
finding out li ziqi has products she sells is making me go feral god i wish i lived in asia
Liziqi is the most calm and satisfying channel on YouTube.
Grilled Pork with Rosemary Garlic Leaves  Cashew Sauce and Roselle honey juice  
Bake Pork Rips With Creamy Avocado Salad Dressing Exotic Food Experience Fresh Herb Home Garden  
Liziqi channel is another whole new level of addiction for me
Does anyone else watch Liziqi on youtube??she is truly living my dream what a WOMAN!
Li Ziqi has designed a colorful soybean milk powder product. among which the blueberry flavor soybean milk powder is added with our blue spirulina(phycocyanin) to make the color more beautiful. 
Liziqi - traditional Chinese farm-to-table. I have no idea what she's saying or doing but it's fascinating to watch her. 
knowing that liziqi is living my dream life in a secluded enchanted forest caretaking after a garden while i am desperately trying to afford a car.. might fuck around and build a cottage in the woods. what am I supposed to do in modern society?  work a 9to5 and hate myself
 Podcast rapot, youtube liziqi
this is the favorite when watching youtube my idol Liziqi ❤ 
I do not trust Liziqi
 Liziqi detected
 I was unaware Li Ziqi sold things... except dreams of wok and bamboo and silk worms and hillsides, of course
 Thanks for responding! I figured it was Asian, because of the dipping sauce (that looks exotic to my Belgian eyes) I've long been a fan of Liziqi on YouTube
 between Primitive Technology and 李子柒Liziqi, I’m going to be living good and eating good. For my third pick I’m probably going to say Jujimufu? I think an apolcalypse would be a great time to have a super strong friend to tag along with 
Is there no end to Li Ziqi’s talents ! 
Liziqi is so unreal... Like, doing all those work, I won't even look half as pretty as she is??? She didn't even sweat, a goddess.  
If you've not been exposed to the wonders of countryside life and cooking from China's remote villages, then Liziqi's channel will blow your mind. The shots are stunning, so is the kitchen and the recipes. NOT for vegetarians tho. 
Doing marathons on Liziqi youtube vid.. very inspiring 
I planted shiitake mushrooms in the mountain! | Liziqi Channel 
 Maybe u like Liziqi,too.She has more fans on YouTube and Weibo(like Twitter).I wanna live in a utopian life like her.
Masato became Liziqi for one day uwu)✨ 
essentially i wanna live a life like li ziqi 
20XX. after the war china devotes itself to the apocalyptic eco-fascist cult of the Great Influencer, Li Ziqi. braving terrifying nuclear winter her acolytes sit in the barren fields. wearing ragged hanfu they seed the toxic soil.
gonna distract myself from crying with some liziqi videos
 My youtube faves: Baumgartner Restoration, Liziqi, James Hoffman, All Gas No Brakes, Game Maker's Toolkit, PBS Eons, People Make Games, Kiwami Japan
Dianxi Xiaoge vs. Liziqi... who would win in a fight?
 Chinese: "Liziqi is boring and fake and may not have children." Serf in the American media empire: "Major children's TV network wants to swish (read it again: you won't like it) my kid in a tub, ." You people. Spoiled. SPOILED! 
 I like to watch Liziqi cooking and/or crafting something. 
If you haven’t checked out Liziqi go do it now. She’s not of this world. 
 I KNOW, RIGHT? Nontonin channelnya mba liziqi relaxing banget ❤
I'm constantly torn between my big city dreams of becoming career woman with expensive outfit and gadget jetsetting around the globe or retiring to become a farmer and life the rest of my life quietly in Southern cina-esque village like liziqi ☹️
 oh i listen to liziqi or however u spell her name
Whenever I feel sad I watch some Li Ziqi videos and I can feel my blood pressure evening out
If I can restart my life, I want to live a life like 李子柒 (Liziqi).
 I watch Liziqi on youtube for sleep. Theres no talking, quiet music, and she just cooks and makes things and gardens, honestly really relaxing :)
 Watch a bunch of videos by Liziqi! They're so peaceful and make me zonk off
Liziqi - YouTube channel is another world , indescribable for me her routine is therapeutic I guess.
LiZiqi Chinese Rural Lifestyle Foodie vs Martha Stewart 
Watch Li Ziqi on YouTube for extraordinary beauty. It's a sight to behold. 
In a world full of Karens, be a Liziqi.
Is there anything Liziqi cant do... im in love i can only wish
Watching Liziqi's videos is so therapeutic 
 Liziqi Dianxi‍♀️ Have to check out the rest.
I had forgotten how soothing LiZiqi's videos are.
i need to know liziqi's zodiac sign
is Liziqi even human at this point
Li Ziqi, with 11m subscribers on YouTube, is a *global* phenomenon. Impossible to talk about the Li Ziqi phenomenon without also talking abt the conditions of global capitalism 
 Idk what type of content you like but I like watching The Try Guys, Safiya Nygard, Binging With Babish, Jun and Rachel, Junskitchen, RTGame, Bon Appetit and Liziqi amongst others (IE Rooster Teeth and Achievement Hunter lol)
 Very good to wake up with a LiZiqi video ❤️
just wanna make sure knows about Liziqi cause this shit is epic. Where's Nz's boutique added-value kūmara noodles at? 
warching liziqi's videos on youtube,, my god that is so pretty  i cry when i see nature and it makes me wanna have a garden so much more 
i love how liziqi is like ooh i wanna grow tomatoes but first i need to build an entire garden around this deep well
shouldntve put liziqi on at midnight now im hungry
As much as I enjoy Chef Hua, the historical ingredients she uses are inaccurate, compare to Liziqi of modern time. Papaya and Pineapple originate from the Americas. Rock sugar is used in cooking, not bleached sugar we have today. The plates are modern, thus lack the authenticity
 Including famous youtubers Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge???
 Cake YouTube is amazing.... also for stress release Li Ziqi is it... get your life comrade. 
Simple pleasures like watching Liziqi Dianxi Xiaoge on YouTube
 is green (Asia muslim colour )as they back Li Ziqi spreads to southeastern Asia as Malaysia .the same as Huawei ,suddenly decided to help Huawei .same as ,he is in the same channel as .
sorry i cant talk rn im watching li ziqi grow tomatoes
Did I show you all Liziqi's new shoes?   
 Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
not SC related, anyone who's watching LiZiqi on yt/fb? love her vids, its calming makes me want to live at countryside ☺️
liziqi if you ever need a new cameraperson i am extremely available
liziqi and her grandmother could maybe like adopt me js
Sasuke would love the new Liziqi video 
HELP WHY IS THE PARENTAL FEMALE FIGURE WATCHING LIZIQI???!!???￦::/!~!:
 Oddly, I started playing animal crossing and it really helps me quiet my mind. Also....indoor gardening, and there’s a YouTube creator named Li Ziqi that’s videos are gorgeous and hypnotic and remind you of the beauty of life and the earth’s bounty. Xanax.
 Is this Liziqi official platform on twitter?
 Li Ziqi! A woman in rural China who makes amazing, calm videos about pastoral life. Very little dialogue so you don’t need to speak Chinese to understand anything. 
 Liziqi handicraft
im watching liziqi videos again and call me a gross city dweller elite for "glorifying" rural life but i'd love to like. spend a year or half living like she does, at least in the videos, in the mountains, away from big city life, with a huge garden and all the mountain blessings
 I recommend liziqi haegreendal they’re amazing luv
liziqi's tomato video is so good omgggg
My new hobby: watching liziqi's and dianxi xiaoge's videos. Their videos remind me of little forest movie 
im forcing my liziqi agenda to my family. 
Liziqi be like: "How to make a blanket? Raise a silk worm first."
Li Ziqi Become Millionaire by Youtube Video | Matly Official 
liziqi be like: no power tools! strength of our backs and sweat of our brows! Lemme make a fucking vanity out of wood scraps! Make my own god damn flour! My own wool! And Make It Aesthetic As Fuck! 
does liziqi's youtube channel count as cottagecore cuz if it does im lowkey cottagecore
Can I be for a year and experience her life all through the four seasons?  
 got me into liziqi and I have spent so many hours of my life on that channel already oh my god. Its amazing!
 It was just very last Friday did I find out who Li Ziqi is hahaha. Damn that woman is really2222 something
 Rescue and restore, Liziqi and Nino’s home (just make sure to turn on the captions while watching nino)
 
 li ziqi got me thru senior year. the one where she builds a couch for her grandma and a makes silk dress + comforter are my favorite
 i love  (i watch li ziqi's channel like religiously so i f e e l u
I do not need religion to keep my body whole and mind pure. Instead, all i need is Liziqi videos.... ✨
liziqi's channel is always a beautiful one to come to if you're feeling stressed and need somewhere to hide. She makes beautifully filmed vlogs (rarely with talking) where she creates and cooks in her garden 
 If you're into the historical Chinese cooking vibe, Liziqi is one of my absolute favorite channels on that very thing. She also does a ton of traditional handcrafts. I don't know about the historical rigor being applied, but her videos are absolutely beautiful.
Liziqi ass needs to chill.. embarrassing the world like this.
Ugh I love this lady so much  she’s real life living the DREAM up in the Chinese mountains  （面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
 Haha  unless you can build a whole city on your own like Liziqi, you need more YouTube .. If you don’t know who Liziqi is, boys.. GET READY .. Go YouTube her and grab LOTS of popcorn 
 i only watch liziqi 
 Liziqi on YouTube
"The life of rapeseed oil" Liziqi 
i love li ziqi because this new video is called "the life of tomato" but it's actually mainly about stonemasonry for some reason
just watch liziqi then realize how useless you are
the life of dita: 5% do other things 95% nontonin liziqi ampe mampus
be extremely capable - like Liziqi 
Me trying to ask Youtube how to create some boxes in Word Also, me saw Liziqi update new video one day ago Me c l i c k Liziqi 
 I've found Li Ziqi's videos to function in a similar headspace to many ASMR videos - neither realistic, nor trying to be, but purely for the pleasant relaxation
Li Ziqi and similar pastoral-life vloggers offer up a highly idealized and gentrified vision of the Chinese countryside. Admittedly, viewers aren’t pushing play for a window into the realities of rural life. 
Watchin liziqi, dianxiaoge and other chinese women who do wonders living productive domestic life, I think of Tifa who could prolly do the same and not juat cookin up delish dish
I love Liziqi videos but they make me feel so inadequate.
 Do you know Liziqi? To me she's the best in that kind of video 
Liziqi's fans can't relate:( 
 Wait theres a typo its supposed to be liziqi sjdjksksk sorry
Tying the lavender bouquet with a strand of dying grass made me feel straight up like liziqi ngl
 Liziqi! Her videos are so aesthetically pleasing and you literally feel relaxed after watching
guys ive made the decision for the second time to marry fanxing as bffies so we can live a life like liziqi and her grandma and be best friends
Just Pinned to Liziqi's food: 
 Liziqi: i wanna eat fries so let’s plant tomatoes for my ketchup 
upset that i'm not living the liziqi life
liziqi video aka de-stressing time ‍♀️ 
 Ok but pls watch liziqi on YouTube
this is about black woman and la vie on rose .with Sichuan food with Li Ziqi as with some Malay fans .and with ' mother .who introduced u to meet those guys at this moment ? 
I can watch all your vids all day Liziqi 
 Is this about liziqi
 For me, it’s Game Grumps, Li Ziqi, a lot of historical costuming creators, and vlogs made by people working in cute Korean cafes. There’s something really soothing about watching someone make the perfect latte
Li Ziqi just up and splitting stones like it’s nbd This woman
 I agree!!! Their videos are very soothing and as a bonus we get liziqi's cute grandma and dxxg's dawang 
the best way for me to calm down is watch videos by liziqi and dianxi xiaoge. their videos are really good and i highly recommend them.
 Steamed Egg And Tofu Recipe Liziqi Food 
Living like Liziqi. Far from town and people. just living with grandma and cats, also flowery garden. ngayal terus :’)
Liziqi: how to make a bread? First make an oven
Okay my favourite youtuber "Li Ziqi" feeding me soo well lately
I was watching liziqi and dianxi and they used roses to make teas and cakes and other stuff and i was like “ people eat flowers???” Then I remembered sobolo is a thing then faced my front
If you all want to watch some peaceful videos on youtube I really recommend watching Liziqi its just so 
“The life of rapeseed oil”丨Liziqi Channel 
 And Li Ziqi makes such beautiful food too :(
Watching liziqi makes me want to run away and start a farm in rural anywhere...
How to make Salted Duck Egg Yolk Sauce（Chinese Mayonnaise）|Liziqi Channel 
good afternoon channel liziqi. i hope she and her grandmother always healthy and doing fine right now 
Don't know why I can't sleep right now even tho I'm exhausted from being out all day. Let me go watch liziqi and see if I can fall asleep to her videos 
The way Liziqi is such a queen and can do more things than what men SHOULD be doing 
 Yes...Beautiful! Isn't it? Li ziqi speaks Sichuan(Szechwan/Szechuan) dialects to local villagers and her grandma, but she will switch to mandarin when meeting people outside~
 its so soothing like i can pass hours watching her videos (that ive already seen! multiple times!) and im just free to enjoy that. i don’t have any other pressing issues just liziqi and me
gonna watch those jungle guys make pools and liziqi's new video, hopefully ill be able to sleep after idk
Also checkout these accounts I realized I cut their names out. 1. My Simple Little Pleasures 2. Nyma Tang 3. 李子柒Liziqi 4. Anthony Padilla
watching liziqi grow tomatoes....best content there is
i dont know if i should watch liziqi or wife's cuisine or start the little mdzs anime thingy hmm decisions
In which Liziqi constructs more fencing, by hand, than Trump has (with the entire US gov) in four years, in a video about FREAKIN TOMATOES!  
Should I go to bed or should I watch LiZiqi videos?
if liziqi came out w a clothing line I would wear it
We must know how incredibly jacked Li Ziqi is from all the hard peasant work she does
WTF, someone is trying to copy her and even change her nationality. I love how Li ziqi said she's proud being chinese. That's ryt be proud of who u r and embrace it. 
How liziqi could protest her intelligent right? 
ultimate life goal ko talaga to have the same agricultural paradise in my backyard like what Liziqi has  (check her channel guys super calming + informational) 
liziqi just built a fence around a pond, put big ass rocks around it, planted tomatoes and flowers around it, then made ketchup and fries. all this bcos she was bored ‍♀️
i hope liziqi is having a good day
Liziqi most relaxing and motivating youtuber ever  harvest goddess 
 Youtube : Liziqi เลยค่ะ✨
 you know who else is a JGS kid? yes, our goddess Li Ziqi 
Watching Liziqi cool baby omelettes in what is basically a baby wok
A Vietnamese YouTuber has sparked the ire of some Chinese netizens who suspect her of copying iconic Chinese influencer, Li Ziqi. Is it an act of plagiarism? will talk about this topic in her latest Vlog 
Oh my idol, Li Ziqi! My grandmother made these. I have intricate inserts my father brought back.
its been a while since i watched liziqi vidoes and theyre so soothing....
Its been 2 consecutive weeks that I keep binge watching these 3 yt channels. From a Calming channel to a Crying channel and after a while a Laughing channel. rn my team were judging me of being a lunatic.  
li ziqi is a modern day princess, how are her ‘vlogs’ so soothing 
 Swimming or hiking. Being in nature heals me up like nothing else. ... Sadly I can't do those things right now so I stand in the shower for too long and watch a Chinese farmer (liziqi) make food on YouTube. :/
Liziqi: I need to grow tomatoes Liziqi: so first I need to build a fence
 Liziqi is a very poetic YT channel, where a Chinese woman shows in 15 to 20 min how to make a daybed out of bamboo she harvested, or 10 ways to cook preserve tomatoes when ripe... It's Chinese, but she doesn't talk a lot anyway (they're not how-to's) 
liziqi posted a new video suddenly all is right in the world
The life of the tomato. From seed to cooking, preparing seed compost to building a vegetable plot. Each of Liziqi's works is full of beauty well worth watching. 
 Asian "Crafting" youtubers like Liziqi, Xiaoxi or Kiwami Japan would fit that i think. They are long, pretty much no talking, and they do visually appealing stuff that youll probably never need to do yourself
why yes li ziqi i do want to know about the life of a tomato
Tgcf modern au where Xie Lian has a YouTube channel like Liziqi, except he always messes up the cooking part... Whenever he realizes he messed up he just stares at the camera awkwardly and laughs nervously, then moves to switch off the camera. That's how most of his videos end.
anyone: i have anxiety :/ me: *links liziqi videos*
Found a comment under Liziqi video; and this totally me when evertime i watch her video. I really impress with her. Her talend and life is my dream ㅠㅠㅠㅠ 
Liziqi's channel is living the type of life na gusto ko. Worth watching yung mga content esp if rural life is your dream life. ❤️❤️❤️ 
(watching li ziqi video) sis: ur favorourite characters probably cook like this me:  yes.....
Liziqi uploaded a new video but I’m sleepy icant
After a busy day, Liziqi update helps alot. Plus, Zero O'clock by BTS 
I have been watching since few years. Her videos shows what real the life of her. I cant believe how talented and creative a person can be... Power house of talent li ziqi 
liziqi's new video wtffff i would not want to mess with this woman
god I'm watching the new li ziqi video and seeing her picking tomatoes and cooking in such a cute and light coloured outfit makes me nervous but also is exactly how I feel when I garden in animal crossing
Liziqi is so cool 
LIZIQI POSTED A VIDEO!!
Liziqi update jm segini:" I love you mba, I really do:"
This is how fast I click on Liziqi's new videos alskdjf No views • 47 seconds ago 
liziqi the queen of yt i don't give a FUCK
Liziqi kalau bikin cookbook The Amazing World of Green-based Dishes
 omg! like that liziqi channel!
Ha, ha, ha, this is a Chinese Internet star. Her name is liziqi. She has more than 11 million followers on YouTube. 
i need my daily dose of nonton liziqi, wait
 The show is like Liziqi blog adapted into a drama. If you love food, definitely watch her videos.  
ill just be binging liziqi or dianxi xiaoge on yt
 right? also i saw one video where liziqi harvested cotton and turned it into a mattress for her grandma and i was like wow, this is something kita would do
 maybe kita would be a cottagecore youtuber like liziqi?
 All the things Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge make on their youtube channels. Oh, an afternoon spent stuffing zongzi or bamboo tubes together in the courtyard with Dong-er, then eating them around the fire with the usual suspects.
7/8 - today was very productive. i deep cleaned my apartment and it felt so nice to relax in a clean space. a friend sent flowers a few weeks ago that are beginning to wilt, so i made an irl “floral swag” bundle (acnh). mabel and i are finishing the day with some liziqi yt vids 
"When I worked in the city, it was about survival… in the countryside, I feel I am truly living,” -Li ziqi- . Sabtu, 20 Juni 2020 . … 
 yo man. I really appreciate you. With all this dark shit going on, it is so important to let people know you care and I care about ya. I may be a lil viewer but you've introduced me to so many cool things (Li Ziqi, for instance) Thanks for being you, Andy
28. Do you like Trump - No he ruined the first part of the word Trumpet and she deserved better than that 29. T H I C C or T H I N - All bodies are valid and I cannot choose, I just want big bois whether thicc or thinn ❤ 30. Fav Youtubers - oh god uh Markiplier, and Liziqi
cut this melon like it’s liziqi’s sack lunch for the new born goat in the bamboo forest 
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Video 2020 
"When I worked in the city, it was about survival… in the countryside, I feel I am truly living,” -Li ziqi- 
 Liziqi One Meal a Day Hiho Kids Dingo Nex Carlos
Just realised i cant be Liziqi. Its tiring af! Watching ads is more convenient  
 How about a malt candy of some description? DianXi Xiaoge and LiZiQi have made both from scratch
not liziqi but dianxi xiaoges lychee video is also good. just remembered this.
liziqi Shooting set | liziq chnnel 
 I watch Liziqi on YouTube for the same reasons. There's no plot, no noise...just a person doing work and making pretty, tasty things.
Liziqi videos make me feel a lot of things
hidup minimalis impian Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
I want to be liziqi so bad
 Li Ziqi is always a delight
wait till you hear about liziqi
 Liziqi’s videos are so calming wa...
liziqi videos are just so like. pretty. and soothing. i watch them on 2x speed all the time and they are still calming as fuck
ok... the one where shes making jam has got to be one of my favorite liziqi vids. the little wild strawberries are just very cute.
drinking boba... watching liziqi videos... life is pretty smexy rn
Anyways, Li Ziqi just making the stress go away
 I can also recommend Liziqi as a great source of escapism
This cdrama reminds me of liziqi but with a love story subplot  
im having fun watching li ziqi's videos
 Liziqi, Harvest Moon in the real life
 My anti-anxiety go-to is Liziqi's channel on Youtube. I can't recommend it enough.
 We wanting to go back to china just to live in a house like liziqi
It’s done bye renjun I’m pretty sure I heard this song in a liziqi video before
 +YouTubeSubscribers 
Ningbo parents offended by Li Ziqi's inclusion on question list 
 if ur into really good video essays: Quinn Curio funny gamer: 39daph asmr for the soul: Liziqi theyre all some of my favorite channels u should rlly check em out :]
I watched a couple of those Liziqi videos and now I feel so good wow
 Person makes things. (Liziqi)
now it’s making questionable cocktails and watching liziqi time
 I love watching liziqi and serpa design on YouTube for hours at a time ❤️
when liziqi uploaded TWO (2) videos for dragon boat festival last week 3....
 Happy birthday Li Ziqi! I hope today is a very special day for you and your dear grandmother, I hope you continue to be increasingly successful with your channel, you deserve it! I really like your videos, they are relaxing and warm my heart. ❤️ Big hug...
 I watch liziqi's youtube everyday！！！
 Rest well, Erin Murphy. I love to rest with videos by Li Ziqi (if you aren’t familiar with her videos yet!)
 Daily dose of internet Liziqi How to cook that Just for laugh Nino's Home SBS TV Animal Farm Vinhenteiro WIRED Vsauce Adam Savage's Tested Noal Farm Jubilee Banyak nder
 i saw liziqi too but Dianxi is like a Heroin in a Chinese family movie who is very strong and independent. meanwhile Liziqi makes a dreamy videos. 
Speaking of ovens, i definitely would prefer this liziqi conventional selfmade oven, no need electricity, bet anyone who watched this had drooled over her homemade breads 
I want to go to China and see Li Ziqi
The beauty community is toxic af. Be like Li Ziqi.
watching liziqi i always wonder if the grandma gets frustrated she taking so long making the dishesbdbsjdb
One Liziqi video a day keeps me sane 
 Happy birthday Li Ziqi! I hope today is a very special day for you and your dear grandmother, I hope you continue to be increasingly successful with your channel, you deserve it! I really like your videos, they are relaxing and warm my heart. ❤️ Big hug...
 Liziqi God Tier Waifu 
 Liziqi is the most calming channel. She lives totally detached as a nomad sort of? I'll be honest I always fall straight asleep because her videos are so relaxing. Also... Unus Annus for boys being boys but it's actually kinda funny and innocent
If you haven't been watching Li Ziqi's vlog, you should be D
 Check out this lady that goes by liziqi. She is on Instagram and has a YouTube channel. You might like it.
i can spend my entire day watching liziqi dianxi videos
 Liziqi is better
 Liziqi is better...
Wow watching Li Ziqi's videos is making me rllyyyy want to disappear to a quaint countryside somewhere in the mountains with nice weather asap
i want to build a knife collection. or just 2 knives like Li Ziqi has.
i hope liziqi never marries a man cause no man deserves her
 On the topic of Li Ziqi, many people in China are jealous af of her success. Haters gonna hate
 I saw it on liziqi yt.
my grandma is gonna watch liziqi with me 
“The life of rapeseed oil”丨Liziqi Channel 
A lot of inspirative content,. Check this out. Li Ziqi Biography Story Age 
IBU AND ME LOVE MBAK LIZIQI SO MUCHHH!!!! She is very talented n can do anything!!!!! 
"When I worked in the city, it was about survival but in the countryside, I feel I am truly living,” -Li ziqi-
 me.... i fast forward every thing except li ziqi XD
 Ziqi emang keren banget, inspiring me a lot deh video-videonya. I know her from one of my close friends. Dia kayak kaget gitu I don't know who Li Ziqi is, but it's never too late la for me to learn something on her videos.
"The pacing, clothing, cinematography, et cetera are all completely the same. She even has a grandma that she is 'bound together with.'" Chinese netizens outraged over Vietnamese blogger accused of plagiarizing famous Chinese blogger Li Ziqi. 
A Vietnamese vlogger's YouTube videos have sparked the ire of Chinese netizens. Titled "Kitchen on the Hill" in English, the vlog is viewed by netizens as almost a "copy and paste" version of Chinese foodie influencer , with some suggesting it's an act of plagiarism. 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
 . Hmmm... like how the Japanese, Korean "Taiwanese" did it too . Vietnamese supposedly dislike hate the Chinese . Yet they've no problem copying or committing plagiarism ? Too sue ? That's the prerogative of Li Ziqi .
Ziqi her self who can't accept it or those Vietnam vloggers have anything against copyright, then let that Li Ziqi it self who solve the problem between her with that Vietnam vloggers privately.
Yahh.. Why this has to become a to much problem. Li Ziqi is influencer, so that why many ppl admire her, being inspired by her follow her step. Isn't a good thing if many ppl then try by them self PRACTICE THE LI ZIQI GOOD LIFESTYLE into their own life? If because of this Li+
A Vietnamese vlogger's videos have sparked netizens' ire who suspect her of copying iconic foodie influencer, . 
A Vietnamese vlogger's YouTube videos have sparked netizens' ire who suspect her of copying iconic foodie influencer, Li Ziqi. 
This channel has the most soothing, therapeutic videos - Liziqi Channel 
Exam questions about celebrity blogger Li Ziqi stirs heated social media debate 
 Calming vids on YouTube like Liziqi's rural Chinese lifestyle videos. Or try to disconnect entirely haha
Copyrights issue aside, it seems like a repeatable business model created by Li Ziqi, whose 11.1m youtube subscribers outruns even CNN's YT account. 
 I just started maybe... a month ago? I’ve been on a Liziqi kick forever, and I think Townsend was suggested to me bc of her channel.
Is Li Ziqi qualified to be a "Chinese influencer"? (Well, my answer is Yes.) 
Subscribe to Liziqi Channel on YouTube: 
李子柒 Liziqi 1110萬 位訂閱者 Liziqi Channel——Official Announcement Recently on several accounts, my videos have been copied and posted by other bloggers, to avoid unnecessary trouble, so I am here to declare, this is my only official Youtube channel, thank you to everybody
What are some of your favorite little known YouTube channels? Mine - Reactistan, Squirmy and Grubs, Veg Village Food, Liziqi, Dr. Ramani, Andrew Kirby, Great Depression Cooking, Homeboy Industries, 2nd Chance Hiker, 1000s of Roots, Amoeba Sisters, English Heritage
not me making myself hungry watching liziqi’s vids at 4am when i cant sleep why do i do this to myself
Li ziqi taught me that having a large knife is indeed as fucking cool as it sounds
 liziqi videos on YouTube! they're the superior form of entertainment :'
As a well-known Chinese for sharing idyllic life, has earned over 10 million subscribers on YouTube. However, her pastoral life was in spotlight recently after a primary school teacher used her life to formulate a question on exam paper. 
Exam questions about celebrity blogger Li Ziqi stirs heated social media debate 
30- maybe Liziqi and TierZoo 31- I'm currently playing animal crossing, and a little bit of Pokémon sword, and I'm watching my spouse play the banjo-kazooie games since I'm making him play them.
 • Wonderful cooking with Liziqi Vs Dianxi for daily life in China : 《 
Liziqi, Polin Lifestyle, Kara Nate, The Luxury Travel Expert, Ria SW, The Flying Nest, Watchmojo, Nadia Omara and Sssniperwolf are always gonna be my fav YouTube channels.
 I watch Liziqi a while back and damm her survival skill
ubi madu inspired from liziqi :) from this. to this.. 
Interesting. It's always good to question. Exam questions about celebrity blogger Li Ziqi stirs heated social media debate. 
Parents in Zhejiang question inclusion of Chinese influencer Li Ziqi on test paper 
 She is a very beautiful actress I like Li Ziqi
Does anyone else follow liziqi?
Question about blogger on an exam given to primary school student causes heated discussion on Chinese social media. 
I always watch liziqi cooking tv when I go to bed. It’s so peaceful and makes me fall right asleep
 liziqi, sorted food (theyre just rlly funny
 I watch that and people making things, like you making paper haha or that chinese girl Liziqi, very satisfying
 And also Li Ziqi, who presented to the world A beautiful countryside and lifestyle, has 10mio followers on YouTube . 
 Have you ever seen any of Liziqi’s videos? My dream is to have a food forest yard like she has around her house. Zoning forbids it for now, but maybe someday? 
Liziqi must have the spice tolerance of a god
 Liziqi is the most amazing and baddest bitch out there
 I've been collecting some good materials in 
Lrt yes i watch dianxi xiaoge liziqi in the wee hours of the morning when i can't sleep
 her and liziqi. their videos are so good
her and liziqi’s videos are so calming 
 I do wonder if it's even possible at this point though. They've done so much to poison the well against everything Chinese. People even call Li Ziqi videos CCP propaganda and literally all she does is cook.
Sometimes I feel like leaving everything behind and start a new life like Liziqi's. That's LIVING. 
 I feel like Swedish Liziqi 
 I love Liziqi!! Her videos are so beautiful so relaxing
If you need some videos to relax with and don't mind when people make you hungry; have a look at Liziqi and Dianxi. They make cooking/diy videos which include beautiful scenary and slow, relaxing music.
Vietnamese vlogger suspected of copying Chinese influencer Li Ziqi 
 Anxiety and night terrors are exhausting. If you're looking for something soothing, maybe a nice cup of tea and some Liziqi (super soothing YT channel)?
A youtuber has been accused of copying Chinese influencer vlogger , who is famous for her videos about Chinese rural lifestyle and has more than 11 million followers on her YouTube channel. 
 look up youtube videos by li ziqi or li ziqi cooking. You will knock out.
Forreal tho if you guys haven’t checked out LiZiqi channel you should love this art too
 LIZIQI eating hotpot in rural area of western china, Sichuan! FANCY HOTPOT! BEEF BEEF BEEF damn. People in the village eat better than me. 
 SICHUAN YOUTUBER! LIziqi 李子柒! 11 million subscriber! Cooking from her village in westernchina, Sichuan! 11 MILLIONS subscriber! Cooking sichuan food and other food from rural area of western china! 
 Definitely someone who have never seen the life of rural area in China and Asia. Where people could eat vegetable from the garden; and rice from their rice field. Even Liziqi who live in village in China lived and eat well. 
 omg i love liziqi  just growing the soybeans to make tofu n shit good for them. all i rly know about haknyeon is that he’s bug boy official
gonna launch a beautiful countryside cooking channel. inspired by and 
Surely I'm not the only one who thinks Li Ziqi's videos are oddly well-produced for someone who's all about old-timey 復古 aesthetics
Camomile and verbena, will make a lovely tea. I’m channeling  Field to Fork Farm 
Li Ziqi is the best lifestyle youtuber in the world, her videos are works of art 
 Watch Liziqi on Youtube and for sure you wil transcend to another world
A Vietnamese YouTuber has landed in hot water with Chinese netizens due to the striking resemblance of her content to that of Li Ziqi’s, the world-renowned pastoral-life vlogger. 
古法红糖|Providing warmth in the winter, quietly hidden in the bubbles of old brown sugar|Liziqi channel - YouTube 
my phone can't stop vibrating y'all i'm watching liziqi on yt muting this✨ 
 LIZIQI I LOVE HER
i just want someone to lay with me for hours watch liziqi
obviously it's that a lot of li ziqi in good
Is this Vietnamese YouTuber copying the famous Li Ziqi? 
 nonton liziqi, key and peele, baca
All have been subscribed: Liziqi, Dianxi Xiaoge, Kimi. 
Vietnamese vlogger suspected of copying Chinese influencer Li Ziqi 
 You’d probably enjoy Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi as well
Popular Chinese Blogger 's agency responds to suspected plagiarism of her videos by a Vietnamese blogger, as the content, make-up, music and even the Grandma who appears is similar. "The question of infringement will be settled by a professional third party agency." 
 Li ziqi! She's a youtuber that films life on her farm making all her food and clothes and furniture from scratch. Her videos are beautiful
 A Vietnamese YouTuber copied with exactly same props costumes in her videos lately. Many Chinese netizens felt indignant, but Li Ziqi is still irreplaceable because it’s hard to reproduce the aesthetics of rural life labor in . 
bro i love liziqi her videos are TOO HIGH QUALITY,, living in the hills with her grandma .. cookin and growing her own produce from scratch .. the life i might want to live
I would love for Liziqi to make a found-footage horror episode. Same music, same shot design, but incredibly creepy, and just never explain it.
 you should definitely check this guy too! he is like the male version of liziqi. not only he is a good cook, he is also a blacksmith, and carpenter too 
A Vietnamese vlogger's YouTube videos suspected of copying iconic Chinese foodie influencer, Li Ziqi. From the video content, the blogger's hairstyle and clothing to the kitchen furnishings, and even involvement of a grandma and a puppy are too similar to Li's. 
Okay... now I’m obsessed with liziqi.
 haha cool. I figured with the Sia-esque hidden face it might be you! haha. Yeah whenever I've watched ASMR, I've ended up in a daze, so I definitely find it relaxing. Some videos more than others. Have you watched Liziqi videos before - so good! 
 Man, liziqi, such aesthetic shots, such soothing vibes, such relaxation in the form of a video :3
Kita but he has a YouTube channel with Liziqi vibes
If you're not watching Li Ziqi videos to relax, are you even living?
I LOVE Liziqi and her videos are a beautiful calm in a hellish world. Watch her!!
 The Chinese lady (Li Ziqi) who lives in a rural village and makes aesthetic vids is pretty unproblematic too and she helps my anxiety. 
“The life of rapeseed oil”Liziqi Channel 
Vietnamese suspected of copying Chinese influencer Li Ziqi 
Vietnamese suspected of copying Chinese influencer Li Ziqi 
 I just recommended Liziqi too her too!!! I love her and watch her videos all the time
i love liziqi more than i love anything on this wretched earth, please watch and support her, shes so skilled 
 I LOVE Liziqi! 
 I love liziqi!!!33
 liziqi is commissioned tp do these videos by the chinese government. it's the chinese government that i have an issue with bc they have millions of uyghurs and tibetans in concentrations camps, they have killed my people and have taken away our basic human rights.
them and Li Ziqi are the real deal
 If you like liziqi you might like the Korean channel Wife’s Cuisine
 True. Move over Lao Gan Ma. Li Ziqi beef mushroom chili has arrived.
 GDKSHDKSJDK I FOUND ANOTHER LIZIQI ENTHUSIAST YESSS. do you also watch Dianxi Xiaoge?
Dianxi and Liziqi are my favourite youtubers to watch 
all of u stan my baby girl liziqi now especially if u have anxiety she will cure you
LRT Liziqi videos are the superior Cottagecore
 let’s not forget about the men who build houses out of mud or liziqi
 dianxi xiaoge and liziqi are both excellent youtubers as well
Why ppl stan white problematic Youtubers when Liziqi exists ???
I FUCKING LOVE LIZIQI  Been watching her for a while now she's PHENOMENAL
lrt: liziqi is amazing. :,/
 THE WAY I KNEW THIS WAS LIZIQI IMMEDIATELY
 Liziqi though is the best youtuber of all times none can compare 
I LOVE LIZIQI
I need my animal crossing game to stop raining. I made a Liziqi /Dianxi Xiaoge type of kitchen and I want to take a photo of it!!!
the only good youtubers are liziqi and ask a mortican die mad about it
For real! I discovered Liziqi’s channel in 2018, loved it ever since. She literally makes everything from scratch. She makes her own clothes, makes the thread/yarn she sews it with, grows her own food cooks it. Makes furniture from bamboo, she does everything. I’m inspired.
stan liziqi she made me want to spend more time in the mountains and appreciate the beauty of living there. my gran was so happy when i wanted to start a veggie garden 
I only youtuber i stan is Li -Ziqi a Chinese youtuber who is a farmer and makes things out of scratch.
 Many people already gave names of the YouTubers that I like (JunsKitchen, kiwami japan). I recommend you Chocolate Cacao, 小高姐的 Magic Ingredients, Peaceful Cuisine (ASMR) 我们的小喜 XiaoXi's Culinary Idyll and 키미 Kimi (similar to 李子柒 Liziqi and 滇西小哥 Dianxi Xiaoge) 
 i also watch liziqi her videos are sp calming hhhh
i would die for liziqi
My mom is CRAZY and obsessed with Liziqi. Im not even kidding about this.
i knew the day would come when liziqi would be trending on my tl.. im just not ready to share my girl to yall
why stan racist trash youtubers when you can stan liziqi 
WRONG the only valid youtuber is Li Ziqi and her beautiful, hardworking farming skills 
Princess Liziqi’s videos make any bad day 10x better
 Sounds like a rough day, I'm sorry. :( This might be silly, but lately when my anxiety is bad, I've been watching Liziqi's channel on YouTube. It's one of the only things that soothes me. Maybe it could help you too? *Hug*
 I'm so happy to see others who watch Liziqi~
i firmly believe that Liziqi is the most intelligent person alive 
Just discovered Liziqi’s videos and it’s like a visual meditation. How have I not seen her videos before!
 Yes indeed she is super wonderful even my mom love her, she always watch liziqi before go to work, it calm her nerve thats what she said hahaha
 I watch Liziqi too! Her videos are addicting.
yeah......liziqi is amazing...y'all need to watch her !!
YALL WATCH LIZIQI SHES GREAT FARMWOMAN
 Li Ziqi but for woodworkers lol
 what about Liziqi? her videos are one of the few things that help me go to sleep 
I was going to make a similar tweet about Liziqi, please watch. There are some awesome suggestions in the comments of this tweet too
LOVE liziqi her content is so healing
Liziqi is always the best country girl I've ever watch!!
watching Liziqi's channe l made me realise what am i doing with my life… 
 Oh Liziqi is the perfect breath of fresh air we ALL need
（笔墨纸砚）scholars four treasures– an Epitome of Thousands Years of Chinese Culture|Liziqi Channel 
lrt i love liziqi !!! i truly recommend her youtube channel her videos gives me such calming vibes 
i just want liziqi to know that when i say fuck youtubers i don't mean her
 I LOVE LIZIQI SO MUCH STAN 
 KIWAMI!!! i will sit there for hours and watch like 10 of them in a row...... also liziqi
these 2 channels have such amazing relaxing content!  Liziqi Dianxi Xiaoge
 Liziqi gives me endless amounts of joy  her channel is like comfort food for me when I feel down.
Liziqi is my GIRL. Truly the best channel on YouTube
 AHES SO HOT AND IN SUCH A. LIKE IDEK HOW TO DESCRIBE IT I’M FUCKING IN LOVE anyway liziqi
 Anyone here watches Liziqi?
 if u want to watch some calming videos of life in rural china u can watch liziqi!!
Lrt I’m so obsessed with Liziqi’s videos, they’re always so magical to watch
 My mom says the same thing!!! I think watching liziqi’s videos mean a lot to her because she grew up having to adapt to nature from time to time in a rural village in her home country. And she grew up not having enough funds so my mom ended up learning...
lrt liziqi!! we stan an unproblematic queen 
 who else loves liziqi??? real life disney princess. i recommend ! very therapeutic 
I fell in love with Liziqi’s YouTube channel a year ago. Tune in - it’s a beautiful experience.  
omg liziqi  true cottagcore queen
 I like him too! And odd tinkering guy who does restorations and liziqi!
WE STAN LIZIQI ALSO
May I also suggest Liziqi (traditional Chinese food cultivation and preparation), and Crime Pays Botany Doesn't (crust punk plant guy)
Yes, go watch Liziqi if you don't already, her videos are so soothing and creative
 Ugh I LOVE Liziqi sm. Her videos are so relaxing and make me want to move to the middle of nowhere and make everything from scratch
 I ADORE liziqi, I found her videos by chance last year and they make me want to run away and live in the mountains
 I watch liziqi, jihyunkkung, zoe, suzInne and kittisaurus mostly (you can tell i love daily vlogs, cafe vlogs and cats) 
 Liziqi's vids are so calming and beautifully made  my fav parts are when she shares food and banter with her grandmother
STAN LIZIQI HDJDJF THIS GIRL, ADAM RAGUSEA, MICHELLE PHAN AND BINGING WITH BABISH LITERALLY TAKE ALL MY ANXIETY AND STRESS AWAY.
 kiwami japan, liziqi and one meal a day 
literally all you can trust is hidamari cooking, kiwami japan, li ziqi, dianxi xiaoge, kittisaurus, one meal a day and the korean lesbian couple’s vlogs
everyone on the tl talking abt good youtubers that ik like nino and liziqi the cambodian guys overpowered guys
 Have u watch liziqi?
 People at the back, start follow LIZIQI DIANXI XIAOGE now for toxicity-free content!!! 
YASSS Liziqi is perfect
 She's been my favorite for years! Love Liziqi ♡ it's almost like ASMR too the way she edits the videos and music :)
 Liziqi!!! She's absolutely amazing, I love how you can watch whichever video of hers and its just so chill and magical... ngl when I watched the bee episode and she just sticks her hand in the bee's nest i was like 
 
The only youtuber i stan is this chinese girl, Liziqi, she made all her food ingredients, furnitures, coats, beddings, etc from scratch. She's a living princess. 
 LiZiqi is my favourite. She is the ultimate original in rural lifestyle.
 omyy. me too! the liziqi videos are so aesthetically pleasing she seems living in another part of universe really wish to visit his place
Lrt i love liziqi's channel sm she has really great vids
 Liziqi channel my fave
I’ve stopped following beauty youtuber since last year. So many “cheap drama”..binge watching liziqi and korean lifestyle youtuber. Tenang dan aman. Boleh buat ubat tido
YESS LIZIQI AND DIANXI XIOGE
 Oh I love LiziQi, she's like a fairy! She even makes her own furniture and stuff, that girl is amazing. Her wool winter coat is absolute goals 
 I LOVE LIZIQI SO FUCKIN MUCH
 SAYING someone who steal other property(tech and intellectuals) from other countries. YES THAT CHINA/CCP ways so stop contradicting once again! But We love CHINA true culture like (and TAIWAN the true owner of CHINA)! But world HATES the CCP and thats 100% true FACTS!
 karolina żebrowska, the take, ephemeral rift, eve cornwell, alice linehan, ris (!!! she’s very good!), brian david gilbert, the MoMA channel, VeTiVeR, tom harlock, rare earth, gus johnson, liziqi, wendover productions, cheyenne barton, david hoffman, geoff marshall, lucy moon-
My queen Liziqi aswell
 please do check out liziqi too! she has amazing content!
 Liziqi is a gem!
 omg we stan liziqi in this house!
i love both liziqi and dianxi xiaoge. these two chinese women youtubers are my faves  
A vlogger from has sparked anger among Chinese netizens after they were accused of copying Chinese vlogger 's food and rural life videos; It is the hottest topic on Sina Weibo on Wed, with 710 million netizens commenting and condemning the copycat behavior. 
Liziqi is my queen and my personal sleeping hypnotist
 liziqi a very hardworking queen
fuck shane and jefree subscribe liziqi 
Them and also Liziqi
I adore Liziqi. I have a conspiracy theory that she’s an immortal princess who is spending this century living in the countryside, learning how to do, make and cook literally everything while biding her time until her immortal enemy returns but still
 At first I thought this was a callout for her channel and I went, "No, oh no, not Liziqi. She just creates nice videos of countryside living..." But then it wasn't. 
 Liziqi and dianxixiaoge+dawang, living a life we dreaming of
Omgeee i love liziqi
them, liziqi and nilered are the only content humanity needs
 OmO I love Liziqi, her diy clay oven was the first vid I saw, made me want to make one too
In the midst of all these problematic youtubers I’d like to plug my queen Liziqi! This woman makes the most beautifully cinematic videos and reminds me of a real life princess 
Idk if some knows Li Ziqi but her vlogs are really wow and relaxing ❤
 oh my mum watches videos by li ziqi a lot! :0
this and li ziqi will NEVER betray me
 also, Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge!! they make such delicious looking food/drink, and make it from scratch 3 
Instead of watching Shane Tati Trisha and Jeffree why don’t y’all watch Liziqi who is from China and has made a cloak and furniture from scratch, she also made extra padding for her grandmas bed, a dress, and a swing from scratch, and pjs for her grandma, watch her instead. 
Liziqi yass queen pls let me serve her she's just so perfect 
no one cares but i recommend y'all to watch videos on liziqi's channel on yt. it was really relaxing
I only stan Liziqi and Maangchi plus Ms. Pailin from Pailin's kitchen... Also BA
the only youtubers that have rights? liziqi, knife guy, and the dude with the cool ass fish tanks
 you should also check out liziqi!
❣️♥️liziqi❣️make me your useless wife❣️❣️♥️❣️♥️♥️❣️❣️♥️
The ONLY youtuber I stan now is Liziqi.
 Liziqi is definitely my go-to when i feel like watching something relaxing. her videos are so beautiful and calming
 exactly, and even li ziqi, who farms her own food and makes a lot of her own furtniture and clothes, owns a macbook bc... that's unfortunately how life is. we have learned to communicate through the internet.
Lrt; Dude i love Liziqi
This!! If you don't know about Liziqi check her out, her videos are basically therapy
 I am so happy you recommend Liziqi, she is my idol and source of inspiration/motivation. Her videos are very soothing to watch and destress to. We stan a responsible creator.
The only Youtubers I stan : Liziqi, Dianxi Xiaoge, and milkyboki 
Li ZiQi is really cool! She can do anything, I aspire to be like her
 I stopped watching so much because of the constant drama now is only: Liziqi is just peaceful and with really pretty views Michaela long is the only non problematic eastern youtuber that I know Peaceful cuisine is also very good, is just about enjoying the sounds of cooking 
My dream life would be LiZiQi's.
 i love liziqi
If you’re into li Ziqi you’ll probably like Foo the Flowerhorn. Same ~category~ of YouTube channel it’s aesthetically pleasing with little to no words 10/10 if you’re into fish tanks 
Liziqi is one of my fav YouTube channels, my mom and I watch her religiously together. PLEASE GO LOOK AT HER VIDEOS 
liziqi, kiwami, hanse, the dude from sanago are the only youtubers i trust 
 Idk if it's your cup of tea but I've been watching a lot of Liziqi on youtube and it's so so beautiful and chill.
 You guys all should follow Liziqi on YouTube
 has apparently duplicated another Li Ziqi, who is one of the most successful YouTubers from China, 
seeing every mainstream american youtuber go to shit makes me happy that i only watch one channel... Liziqi... her videos bring me so much joy and i cannot explain why 
HAsnain Shah 
lrt you dont understand how much i am in love with li ziqi (and also dianxi xiaoge)
 And liziqi  my 2 fave 
!!! Li Ziqi has videos that are extremely healing to me. If I’m not wrong she used to live in the city and moved back to the countryside to take care of her grandmother. She works really hard and everything she makes in the channel is done with 101% dedication she’s really good!
 Liziqi is pretty good too 
 YES THANK YOU!!! Li Ziqi is so incredibly hard working and unproblematic she’s literally just thriving in the mountains of China with her puppies and grandma
 omg yes !! I love Liziqi Her videos really relax me especially when my anxiety is acting up. She also can do ANYTHING ..
Vietnamese YouTuber under fire for copying Li Ziqi Link: 
To any of my mutuals and followers who haven't watched LiziQi's videos yet, I have but one simple request: Please watch her videos, they are the sweetest thing in the world
 YES I LOVE HIS VIDEOS AND THERE’S ALSO LIZIQI, her videos somehow help me to relax
 I love Liziqi!
Lrt Omg I absolutely adore liziqi's channel  it's so calming to watch and it's truly fascinating seeing how resourceful she is
Add liziqi to the list
 nino is great but have you SEEN LIZIQI
 And Liziqi too. 
Follow our local liziqi for soothing content
 i love liziqi’s videos too but i prefer dianxi’s because something about them feels more personable
 Dianxi and Liziqi are queens who are capable of anything 
 The dog's name is Dawang and he is a NAUGHTY boy!! They're in Yunnan province in southern China. If you like her, you'll like Liziqi who is just north of her in Sichuan!
STAN LIZIQI FOR BETTER LIFE
 Did you not discover Liziqi channel? She's the best
li ziqi is the only youtuber who exists
 May i reccomend: 
Not again youtubers drama Stan ytuber LIZIQI only
 very good youtubers i adore: Foo the Flowerhorn Liziqi (people say she's problematic, the devil is an infinite amount of liars) 
 Hey man, if I buy this, am I gonna be able to some Li Ziqi shit but Japanese? 
 do NOT ignore liziqi !!!! she's so inventive and creative her grandma is wonderful = instant good mood when i watch her videos 
how to be Liziqi? 4.8 million views in three days. Yes just 3 days!
 ah you should definitely subs to liziqi ❤️
stan Liziqi for clear skin
I recently show this channel to my mother and she literally can't stop watching her videos  LIZIQI BEST GIRL 
 Liziqi and juns kitchen !!
Li Ziqi rlly be like How to make Fried Chicken: Step 1: hatch some chicks Step 2: make sure your wheat crop is plentiful
 Mines are Niho's home,one meal a day,liziqi etc... They are calm,quiet and beautiful to watch☺ I just love them! (And also some roasters who don't use cursing words while roasting)
like . no more comedy and gaming . im only watchin kiwami japan nilered liziqi evan and katelyn and worthikids now
 Liziqi and those who uploads the Untamed cracks are the MVP of my yt
 Beautiful. Check out Liziqi on youtube. Peaceful. She's amazing.
 i love Liziqi, you should watch Dianxi Xiaoge too.
 Essamnour and liziqi only
 (also have to second liziqi she's wonderful)
 if you want relaxing wholesome content I recommend liziqi she's so amazingly talented 
youtube drama this youtube drama that maybe if everyone just watched liziqi pluck fruit and tend to her crops with her grandma we wouldn’t have to see the same discourse on the tl every 2 months 
 Basically anything by liziqi 
if you feel, you are stressed, depressed or your mood is off, I can really recommend you to watch liziqi cooking videos you will feel relaxed in no time
 let’s become liziqi together
ew American youtubers are the most disgusting people alive...my girl Li Ziqi would never put me through this
 i like odd tinkering and liziqi too their vids are so relaxing
people should stop watching shane dawson and other problematic youtubers and idk go watch liziqi or sumn
 Hello, do you mind sharing his youtube acc? I've been obsessed with this kind of video lately. Idk if you know liziqi or dianxi xiaoge, they're both my favorites :D
Just Pinned to Liziqi's food: Liziqi's mooncake 
Just Pinned to Liziqi's food: 
Just Pinned to Liziqi's food: 
Just Pinned to Liziqi's food: 
For me, I think Liziqi is Cinderella in real world but the prince who help her overcome a miserable life is herself and her effort =  
WATCHING ZAC EFRON LIVING A LIZIQI LIFE???? I'M 100% IN NETFLIX! TAKE MY MONEY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Recommend everyone to watch Li ziqi on YouTube she inspires me ✊
oh to live rich and unbothered like Liziqi
liziqi videos hit different
 Are you familiar with Liziqi? Her YouTube videos are my favorite calming medicine. 
 Not really tv, but Liziqi and Foo the Flowerhorn on YouTube are hella soothing. I also tend to watch low stakes cartoons like Scooby Doo or My little pony when I’m super stressed but want tv.
 I subscribe to Liziqi's 
She lives in the country tho so I’m ready to live out my Liziqi fantasy
 One of my favorite channels is Liziqi 
Stress and anxiety relievers: _ GomaAtHome _ LiZiqi
 Food Natural life Travel Channel Village cooking channel Village food factory Saapttu raman உங்கள் மீனவன் நாகை மீனவன் தூத்துக்குடி மீனவன் The Tiny Foods Dan JR Vlogs Natural life Liziqi Dianxi xiaoge The polion life style Noal farm Travel Way2go Nomadic indian.
Niche Youtube!! (Relaxing ASMR!!) Vagus Nerve Stimulation!! Heart-Brain Coherance! Dianxi Xiaoge LiziQi Rob GreenField Jaiden Animations 
Liziqi is so cute making good food with her grandma ❤️
 1- girl in calico 2- girl and the word 3-liziqi 4- haegreendal
 Thanks. It's 3:40 am rn.... Just look up Liziqi on YouTube, youll find her.
If cottagecore and its weird fash adjacence interests you, please allow me to show you Liziqi 
What if I transform my island into what would be LiziQi / Dianxi Xiaoge cosplay 
 watch li ziqi on youtube!!!!!!!! thats my go to during panic attacks
Liziqi's grandma doesn't look good in her newest video YOU LEAVE THAT OLD CHINESE LADY ALONE 2020
One video left. Can't believe I have watched every video of Liziqi. Enjoyed them all. Thought it would take longer but couldn't stop watching. Now looking forward to her new videos she'll release soon.
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
 Liziqi are my absolute favorite videos to watch!
I need tranquility so much right now. Time for spinning and watching Liziqi on Youtube.
throw in liziqi and bennycake yea it’s very peaceful over here
 Liziqi is on another level of aesthetic that nobody could ever beat
Just had to get away from all this depressing stuff on Twitter, I just watched Li Ziqi, the Chinese wonder woman on YouTube, so relaxing and calming to watch. I highly recommend her videos to anyone looking for second-hand tranquillity in their lives.
 Liziqi is great
 Yes I came here to say Primitive Technology! Also Townsends and Liziqi, very peaceful to watch.
 Jonna Jinton, Liziqi, Emmymadeinjapan, Corridor Crew, Unus Annus, Pierre XO, Peaceful Cuisine, Kasey Golden and Snake Discovery are all current favs for me rn
top 3 whatchagot2say, liziqi, livjunkie
 Liziqi Dianxi xiaoge Cooking with sros Natural life tv Village cooking channel
 Looking for a noiseless in ? The "Zhongdu Ancient Town" has a unique landscape surrounded by the and , a place where may also yearn for a stay. 
 Jingxi, a silent county which is a so-called"Another version of ". Local people focus on nothing but their own , just like the dream home of . 
Anyone else watch Li Ziqi on YouTube , that’s mulan in real life.
Unless you are liziqi. Dont think about becoming a feminist 
 I thought it was Liziqi videos
liziqi vedios helped me sleep last night, idk why but it DOES !
 I watch Liziqi videos and dream of a simple hardworking life in the country. 
Me watching Liziqi video about Dragon Boat festival and preparing zongzi: "OMG they are like tamales oaxaqueños"
Need liziqi to gain my appetite
lrt... i love li ziqi her videos are so nice
Relaxing video of Zongzi (Chinese sticky rice dumplings) being made by Li Ziqi, a very famous content creator in China 
oooooh new liziqi video
liziqi enjoying dragon boat festival 
 I’m not sure if this is actually the same vibe, but a relaxing youtuber I watch is Liziqi, she’s a Chinese woman who documents her life living in the country and shows her garden and cooking and crafting! I love to fall asleep to her videos
 
Internet Celebrity Li Ziqi (李子柒) is making Rice Dumplings to celebrate Dragon Boat Festival 
Liziqi is my savior ✨ anyone here also followed her on YouTube? I've always liked her 
ah to be liziqi's neighbour
 i like liziqi too
Such a Fairy 
 I love liziqi
 Don’t use Li Ziqi’s picture , she is a Chinese girl who loves peace，
Watch Li Ziqi! Her YouTube content is very calming and relaxing to watch!
yeeet another li ziqi vid
wanted to live a life like Li Ziqi but knowing myself i'll prolly give up after a week
（面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
 Li Ziqi has such relaxing and magical atmosphere, and these arts also have it! Amazing work, thank you 
Today I abstained from social media and worked with my mom on cleaning my room. We got so much stuff done, it feels amazing. I can BREATH now. Tasks feel manageable. Ate tasty thai food, took a soothing shower, and have been binging Liziqi videos. ♥ Needed this. ♥
Chinese village girl Li Ziqi shows you how to make Zongzi, a pyramid-shaped sticky rice cake, for Duanwu/Dragon Boat festival on lunar May 5 (Jun 25, 2020) when the sun was positioned on the due south thus the yang qi is at its strongest point. 
Liziqi is so damn talented omg
How to make Salted Duck Egg Yolk Sauce（Chinese Mayonnaise）|Liziqi Channel 
 Liziqi, XiaoXi’s Culinary Idyll and Dianxi Xiaoge should keep you busy.
guys you can watch liziqi on youtube coz her videos are so relaxing and healing ❤
watching Liziqi's video just makes me realize how spoiled, lazy unproductive my life is.
but not at liziqi casually witnessing an eclipse
TIL (from watching the latest Li Ziqi video) that yesterday in China was the Dragon Boat Festival, known elsewhere in Asia as the Fifth Day festival or Dano. TIL this is the traditional time to eat zongzi/bakcang: sticky rice dumplings (one of my fave yum cha treats!)
does anyone else watch liziqi on youtube bc I want to live her life so fucking bad
 The comments would be : Li Ziqi, are Dongwan's wounds getting better finally? He keeps getting new scratches everytime u post a video 
whenever i have like an awful anxiety day like today liziqi's channel is so necessary. thank you queen for showing me how to make a woolen cloak from scratch
liziqi’s vids r the best
 Slightly unrelated but have u seen liziqi’s videos on youtube
 for smiles, check out the channel Kittisaurus. I know it's not the same, but their videos always cheer me up.  Some other channels I like: - cooking + DIY channels: Dianxi Xiaoge, Liziqi, One Meal A Day - Simply Podlogical - pets/animals: milkybokitan, Falconry and Me
Li Ziqi and her staff of 30 cinematographers, editors, and sous chefs make some zongzi: 
liziqi handshake dianxi xiaoge the only youtubers i respect
 This recommendation isn’t a movie but a YouTube channel of LiZiqi. They are so tranquil and addicting to watch. She is truly creative and talented. You will definitely become so at awe and enthralled! 
I love doing my work in the early morning while watching in the background. Her videos have that amazing tranquil effect. As a kid, I used to eat zongzi wrapped in shells of bamboo shoots.我小时候吃过... 
 I don’t know if anybody else has noticed, but in this (shorter) video and in Liziqi’s previous longer video, she seems to be using a new makeup that is stunning! A lovely young lady made even lovelier.
Li Ziqi’s zongzi vid is everything 
Countryside life by Liziqi. 
 Liziqi - China’s number one vlogger captures most recent solar eclipse with her grandma at 4-minutes and 20-seconds mark: 
 Yess imagine growing ur own fruits and veges jshssjj my uncle who lives in china has a rooftop vege farm and it’s damn cool also i went to search liziqi on yt and omg the mountains she’s living in is so nice?? Plucking flowers and shaving wool and RIDING HORSES
Match kind of boring let me watch liziqi new video
 All I am watching right now is Li Ziqi on YouTube. She alone brings me joy.
You can say what you want about China, but the videos of the lady 李子柒 Liziqi showing true righteous living Chinese culture 
All of my cottagecore people would love Liziqi. Her lifestyle is so inspiring and her videos are gorgeously shot  
Thank you to all my Asian friends who turned me onto Liziqi. She's truly living the dream.
BYE IMMA JUST WATCH LIZIQI IM SO TIREF I HATE IT HERE IM SO DIZZY HWUJALXJWK HAHAHAHAHA
 Also coincidence!! Liziqi uploaded a video about zongzi not to long ago
one of liziqi's dogs had puppies and im bereft... 
it gives me so much joy that liziqi and dianxi are both dog parents/fairies ✊ 
ah of course Liziqi released a video of her making zongzi (rice dumplings) for duanwu jie today (dragon boat festival)
video terbaru liziqi, check check check ✨ 
I have just discovered Liziqi and am obsessed with her videos. SHE LIVES IN A GHIBLI MOVIE!!! 
liziqi looks fragile but your girl can carry a batulang 
liziqi: *chops potatoes* cat: why so noisy hooman? 
i’m watching Liziqi and she has fucking peppa door decorations. i love china 
Live: Celebrate the with and other top Chinese foodie influencers 
 eating liziqi recipes all day long..
 In the meantime: cats, birbs and other animal videos - as much as you can take! I watched a lot of LiZiQi - oddly comforting. Wishing you all the very best. Here’s a great cat thread: 
 I can recognize my queen liziqi a mile away
good night gonna watch some liziqi to fall asleep to 
Live: Celebrate Dragon Boat Festival with Li Ziqi and other top food influencers - CGTN 
For overseas diners, this means you can eat Chinese Cuisine even if you don't have to travel to China. Including the foods you have seen in LiZiqi's video or a bite of China. 
 Idk if you already know this. Maar er is zo een chick op youtube ze heet liziqi je moet der echt ff checke  der content is food but like so peaceful is echt mn goto when on my period.
 Watching Liziqi make things and cook is super relaxing, plus you get bonus DOG TAX sometimes. :) 
 gitasav, as/is, 
I love Liziqi’s videos so m u c h
 no,liziqi lives in sichuan，but,it is not far away from here. sorry, my english is not good.
I’ve been watching a lot of on YouTube and let me tell you...I would make a GREAT farmer, other than the fact I hate going outside. ‍
not men saying they wanna marry li ziqi or penji when they can’t even do 1/16th of what these women can do news flash chad you don’t deserve them NO MAN DESERVES THEM
the way asian food snapped with liziqi and dianxi, white people food can’t relate 
 Making of ballet shoes 
 omg rian do you watch liziqi on youtube? her videos remind me of you lmao it's ecofeminism it is
im obsessed with liziqi on ytb wtf
Making some fresh knife stew 
 Bub watch Liziqi on YouTube yo
 that's my dream land too! I wanna embody Mary and the Little Lamb lmao. Also their cows are cute. And they have beautiful sceneries. Li ziqi had a yt channel! She was a city girl but then her grandma got sick so she has to tend to her grandma on the mountains and now
 Sameee!! I wanna move to nz and just chase sheeps everyday hahha  wut thats so cool?? But i think i’ll be scared bc blood...also no who’s li ziqi?
Here is on Channels but with an organge check mark resembling ’s colour scheme. The  check mark is for a verified organization while the  one is for a . 
 I want to own a cake shop, I also somehow want to live in a suburban/rural area where I can have a large garden full of vegetables and flowers like Liziqi does
 – While U R to , there is no difficulty for you to find a cozy place to live and have a nice experience of ’s life. Since the average accommodation cost here is around RMB 200, pls check the video for more tips. 
 New Podcast! "Ep. 18: Quit Doing That!! Plus: I Love Li Ziqi, Garden Studio Updates, and a New Format...?" on 
I would give my life for Li Ziqi pls queen marry me
Funny how I fast forward almost everything I watch but Li Ziqi
Li Ziqi's YouTube channel is the Platonic ideal of (inadvertent) ASMR 
I've been watching Liziqi's videos nonstop because the sound of animals and cooking and chatter in a dialect I can barely understand reminds me of being back at my grandparents' farm in Hunan I miss them
i love liziqi :(
I think i need another laptop (or extended monitor) dedicated to watch liziqi’s video while working. Ang therepeutic! ❤️
the only people I respect are Lenin and Li Ziqi
Li ZiQi has the lifestyle i aspire to have... living in the mountains in insolation... except with more wild animals that i tamed by myself and poisonous plants
（面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
 li ziqi is so calming the pan flutes the trickling water the hot oil noises
does anyone watch liziqi and dianxi xiaoge’s videos? i binge watch their videos often!! oh and of course 子时当归 (congcongh) channel is one of my fave too  her sense of fashion is so *chef’s kiss*
Favorite YouTube channels? Why? — Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi: Beautiful Chinese girls cooking delicious-looking food. Starboy BMX: Showcasing the burgeoning BMX/street/trials scene in Nigeria. Danny MacAskill: Incredibly skilled Scottish street/trials r… 
When I just can't take it anymore, I watch liziqi videos. Incredibly soothing and beautiful. 
 i only know historical cooking channels or chinese ladies cooking channels. TastingHistory, Li Ziqi, Dianxi Xiaoge, townsends, english heritage. im a..... nerd....
oh to be Liziqi pulling a cabbage out of the ground
do yall watch liziqi ? bc im pretty sure kita's farm life is as magical as hers
Let me start a thread abt the videos from Liziqi since some bad fren asked me to watch.
 have u ever watch liziqi’s channel? her videos are so relaxing ! also dianxi xiaoge
love watching liziqi's videos but they make me sleepy
liziqi videos always cause me such conflict because the girls are leaking whenever i watch her but also the BGM she always chooses are soooo familiar but i have no idea how to search them up
Head full Li Ziqi thoughts only ❤️❤️❤️
How to be Liziqi? 10 million views in two weeks
hm honest QUESTION: i was thinking of maybe...doing little pup animations that's pretty much animated dailybingpup (like li ziqi videos?), but a slightly different design to break off of sv association, so that i can potentially earn a little from it?? does that sound ok 
 that's an interesting flavour bao  liziqi is defo a fairy. magical fairy lady, her pinkie is stronger than all of us.
 All this to say: Liziqi makes me feel so very small and awed.
so has anyone else been watching zongzi making videos (by liziqi and apenjie) in preparation of dragon boat festival in hopes of not making flat deformed ugly rice dumplings 
It’s 1:30am and here I am finding out about vlogger liziqi, watching her videos and reading about her life 
The world is in Chaos, while the place where Li Ziqi lives is still blessed by joy and peace. The latest video of a Chinese village girl's life who cooks what she planted caught. 
Plant Seeds. Green the Earth. Sustain Lives. ...... . Planting Seeds. Making hand-dyed blue calico dresses. ... 
I seriously wish that Liziqi was my sister ♡ I hope to spent a couple of weeks at her place someday.  
 Hey I literally just did that. Want me to bring you some? Bought it from Li Ziqi’s Taobao store.
After watching (almost everything) Liziqi contents at YT. Ima about go to Soppeng and live there..
Only in my dreams could I ever get a wife like Liziqi  
If you would also like to watch these videos, I strongly recommend: Liziqi 
I want a house like liziqi's house, or can she adopt me to be her lil sis 
Watching LiZiQi while eating is a big MOOD
If you're tired of human foibles or political toxicity, watch this: 
Revolutionary channel liziqi no need for blink-blink expensive accessories like noveau-riche indonesian artist. need good cams, neat footage, depict daily life which close to most of the people. 
cant believe i was watching li ziqi while jikook was live :((((
if i don’t get to marry li ziqi, what’s the point
Like her contemporary Li Ziqi, Dong Meihua showcases cuisine and crafts from her sleepy village on the southwestern edges of China - in Yunnan province in this case (with Li next door in Sichuan). 
So beautiful "Liziqi"❤ 
 Have you ever watched any Liziqi videos? I watch them a lot, they're fascinating gorgeous. It's like a fairytale of farming. I spend the whole time marveling at her energy. Attempting a 10th of what she does would wipe me out for a week. Maybe two. 
The world if LiZiQi’s videos had subtitles 
 Oh my god Li Ziqi!! shes this woman who does this like. Incredibly time consuming skilled work and watching it is so relaxing
"I have to sleep rn" *watching Liziqi new video for 21 minutes*
 were u the one put me on to liziqi
My mom keeps watching sped up compilations of Liziqi videos on facebook so all I hear is traditional Chinese music in double time and Animal Crossing-esque speed talking.
I'm watching a Liziqi video and suddenly got very emotional, wtf
therapy: expensive watching liziqi: free
lemme watch liziqi fall asleep
 feel like shit just want to watch Liziqi with my friend
Li Ziqi - a famous Chinese food country-life blogger. I came across her videos at the start of quarantine. Her videos are very calming, therapeutic inspiring. And she's naturally multiskilled, it blows my mind. Here is her recent video: 
 watching this after liziqi’s new vid,,, complete polar opposites but still in the same circle of satisfying to watch
Goodmorning. I wanna live a life like liziqi. Her videos are so calming.  Peanut and melon seeds, dried meat, dried fruit, snowflake cake - snacks... 
a nEW LIZIQI VIDEO... SCREAMS
 si ateng liziqi jud ni one of the highlights sa among quarantine life 
 I saw it at 4 mins ago well perks of having a die-hard liziqi fam 
i forgot how much i love Liziqi
liziqi  istg my migraine just went poof gone the moment i watched her new video
 Thank you for teaching me (*´∀｀)ﾉ I'll try it Li Ziqi(* ´ ▽ ` *)
 Aah! About relaxation，I would like to recommend a YouTuber, to you. Her name is Li Ziqi（李子柒）Her wonderful video makes people feel at ease and relaxed! ( ´▽｀)The content of the video is about Chinese culture! I like her very much!✨
I wish I can live at country side like Liziqi.. 
liziqi dianxi: *uploads a single video* and that’s enough therapy for u ppl for the day
when liziqi and dianxi upload videos simultaneously on the same day THAT’S ON GOD AND THERAPY
 I watch Liziqi videos, if you love food, cooking , scenery and crafting you will love her videos. They also have some amazing calming music as a backdrop. 
omg n flying busking live AND a new liziqi video, this day is off to a great start 
NEW LIZIQI VIDEO
ㅤ [ A package arrived at ’s abode. ] CARD: Happy birthday, Aikatharina Sindhunata. I haven’t figured out in which part of the globe Liziqi lives in, so I’m trying to bring to you similar things that hopefully could give you a peace of mind on your day. ㅤ 
Liziqi - that’s the tweet
liziqi uploaded— do these two you know—
i’m a liziqi/dianxi stan first human in pain second
anyways there was a boi in liziqi’s last vid and her index finger was bandaged there so no i do not agree 
liziqi and dianxi collab WHEN
 when Garon dies, Xander and Camilla go to tell Leo that he's allowed to come back to court but by that point he and Kamui have built a house in the woods and are living like liziqi, so Xander's like "you CAN come back, but you have a better deal here so I wouldn't advise it ngl"
 That's such a nice life. I really wanna live in the mountains. Tmi but! I have once helped a momma cow give birth! Hehehe, do you know li ziqi on yt?
anyway this is kinda random but i've been so obsessed with liziqi's videos lately and i hope y'all can check out her channel!! 
I just fell down in a rabbit hole of and videos again........ so different yet so perfect, 100% would recommend! 
 Tomorrow I’ll watch Liziqi. Today I’v been fascinated by Tulsa. amazed that it’s in the news albeit in a negative way. Today I’m feeling proud. Juneteenth will be a great holiday. I’m planning to celebrate with pinto beans cornbread.
 learn more about chinese food? come to YouTube"Liziqi"
[200618] Ding Yuxi at 618 Night Live  ：STAFFONLY ：Li Ziqi noodles Cre: Ryan丁禹兮·衣橱 ิงอวี่ซี 
just figured out jon jandai liziqi have the same way think abt their life mmmmmm
I simp so hard for Liziqi. I literally cannot simp for anyone else anymore
 Liziqi's front yard
waitーI really like the outfit and the background combination reminds me to Liziqi 
A special program on New Year snacks Liziqi 
 XD believe me when I say one of the inspirations for this au is Rachel and Jun. The other is Li Ziqi
After watching Liziqi Dianzi YouTube videos. Is it even possible. What am I doing‍♀️ 
 Theellenshow  Tonight show by jimmy fallon Lip sync battle Running man Liziqi Dianxi Haoge William Gozali Cretivox The Late Late Show by James Cordon 88rising Pick Up Limes Jella
Watching Li Ziqi's Youtube videos feels like watching the Ghibli movie aesthetic with real life people
 Not seeing it- "I want to get my head squished between her thighs therefor China is awesome"? Liziqi is more compelling as a pro-China narrative than that.
 The effect.
Curious about Li Ziqi’s life? Would you enjoy a countryside life? Back To Field is an immensely popular show among Chinese youngsters. Now, it has started its fourth season with a brand-new look in Yunnan Province, China. Learn more: 
 Mom, have you seen Liziqi YouTube videos? I think you'd like them.
 I don't know, maybe these Liziqi videos are some kind of propaganda I shouldn't even be watching them, but they are fascinating and gorgeous and this one is an amazing potato feast! 
 Have you ever watched Li Ziqi’s videos? They are the ultimate soothing gardening cooking content  
liziqi's channel and content is so calming.
I've never seen a bamboo shoot in the wild, so to speak. Crikey. I do love these videos. They are so very peaceful. 
I watch liziqi kitchen tv on fb/YouTube and it’s so calming and relaxing. She can make anything and has her own garden
 omg! no, i’ve been watching Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge, I’ll have to check that one out
A rich and delicious essay from for . Also recommend watching Li Ziqi’s videos if you haven’t already come across her work!
Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge are one of the most unforgettable YouTuber for me. i said what i said.
I wrote about soybeans—from their deep-rooted place in my hungry heart to their role in Western technological imaginaries to contemporary racist microaggressions—for my column Non-Native Species . And they published it w a still from Li Ziqi! 
 omg samee..have you watched liziqi??
 Dude look up Liziqi on YouTube...legit
After Liziqi, Dianxi Xioge, Kimi, Xiao Xi, others helped me get through this quarantine with their country-side daily life vlogs, now I'm hooked watching these amazing crafters with enormous patience build miniatures with sick details from scratch. Me : 
Eileen won’t let me buy one of Li Ziqi’s cool chopping knives what can cut through bone, and I think that’s what them therapists call “withholding.” This is definitely grounds for divorce
Enter the beautiful world of Li Ziqi at her countryside home in rural China. 
I want to try all of Li Ziqi’s food omg
I wanna live like liziqi
i swear li ziqi is the prettiest girl on earth
 Not Liziqi in this video. But definitely one of Liziqi’s imitators.
I’m madly obsessed with Liziqi........ i can’t stop watching her videos
 I think you both would love Dianxi and Liziqi on YT too. Liziqi specifically films herself growing the food sometimes then making 4-6 dishes with one ingredient as the focus. and they cook outside often! I watch them to relax before sleeping. 
stuffs i'm currently following (really into): - spy x family - liziqi, jordan clark (on youtube) - alicelovesdrawing (on ig) - still, BTS - old anime - ghibli's studio
 but that means Li Ziqi indeed is an inspiration :)
When you're tired and want to rest, I recommend you to watch videos on Youtube channel "Liziqi". Her videos are so relaxing and amaziiiinggg 
WAIT I JUST REALIZED LI ZIQI USED SPIRITED AWAY'S THEME SONG IN SOMW OF HER VIDS??????
 “Theft of influential Chinese blogger Li Ziqi’s food and rural life videos” it’s in the description
 bloggers' theft of influential Chinese blogger Li Ziqi's food and rural life videos sparks anger among netizens in , and such type of piracy is sure to have a financial impact, causing some confusion about Li's . 
 bloggers' theft of influential Chinese blogger Li Ziqi's food and rural life videos sparks anger among netizens in , and such type of piracy is sure to have a financial impact, causing some confusion about Li's . 
Liziqi is so lucky, she lives in beautiful village 
 Here’s a video of Apollo watching Li Ziqi on YouTube (10/10 watching her videos they are premium cooking asmr) 
news alert, y'all, it's over politics, but i hadn't seen the demands of liquor, two of li ziqi in brooklyn tonight
Liziqi ❤️ favourite calm-down when feeling overwhelmed 
watch Liziqi's videos, it's free therapy ❤
 bloggers' theft of influential Chinese blogger Li Ziqi's food and rural life videos sparks anger among netizens in , and such type of piracy is sure to have a financial impact, causing some confusion about Li's . 
 Kitchen nightmares, liziqi
Liziqi has became one my favorite person to watch on YouTube
what's your favourite content to watch on youtube? I personally enjoy reddit videos, social experiments, street interviews, music video reactions, wlw tv show ships (don't judge me),... A few channels I enjoy: Liziqi, Psych2go, Jolly, Asianboss, DissociaDID and random youtubers
liziqi is the modern day yushi huang and no one can change my mind
Anyone watches Dianxi Xiaoge/Liziqi often? They’re oddly relaxing, often helps me fall asleep easily on a lazy afternoon  
If you haven't watched Liziqi videos please watch them. She makes amazing food ( most of them we can't relate to, but looks so yummy). It's a lovely channel ♥️♥️♥️♥️. I've seen almost all of her videos. 
 Seems personal. Li Ziqi is verified, but she does the TradWife thing which is always popular. She's great, but there's nothing there challenging tech dudes egos.
If you want to know how I want to live my life please check out Liziqi on YouTube and youll see
 Btw I stumbled upon this channel while watching Li Ziqi, her videos seem to be in a similar kinda vein? Not sure if you'd be interested at all but they're fascinating! (And they have subtitles) 
 I love li ziqi!!! She's pretty much what I base my wangxian farmlife au on! Such an idyllic life of hard work and good harvest 
 Oooh I haven't watched Li Ziqi yet :o Will check them out, thank you!
 liziqi videos and barbie dreamhouse adventures
Netizens discuss whether they want to have Li Ziqi's countryside lifestyle 
If you are stressed, here is an Asian grandma making tofu. [courtesy Li Ziqi] 
（面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
Memang yang paling bener nonton youtuber yu cuma si liziqi channel aja. Peanut and melon seeds, dried meat, dried fruit, snowflake cake - snacks... 
Li Ziqi has a TikTok account and this is dangerous territory. You may never hear from me again.
 like... like in those liziqi/penjie videos where they strain stuff from a tree with the rope and cloth? Zidian makes the best tofu 
 Aduh banyak.. 1. Mark Wiens 2. Kirsten Dirksen 3. Living Loving net 4. Mr.Kate 5. Never too Small 6. The Minimalist 7. Liziqi 8. Theme Park Review 9. Two Set Violin 10. Pewdiepie
I tried the hardest cooking tutorial ever (ft. Liziqi) 
 Yeah!! Apparently not hahah  liziqi as in the youtube channel ke?
cottagecore ppl wants what liziqi has
 YES. LOOK AT LIZIQI AND DIANXI ON YOUTUBE. THEYRE SO CUTE. CHINESE COTTAGE CORE
Finally joined the Li Ziqi universe. This is my new form of therapy.
 One of my favorite channels is liziqi. She's badass Thanks by the way it sounds like a good cause and good people.
I like a Chinese cooking youtube Liziqi (will society accept me?), now I don't even like Chinese cuisine but it's just so soothing it reminds me of nhk docus. My next phone will still be non-chinese though, just as soon as Asus launches it (Taiwan must get all the support!)
me, watching liziqi grow cotton: yes cotton needs a lot of moisture to grow also me: [gets flashbacks from 10th grade geography]
 How can you tell your brain to stop thinking!!! It doesn’t work that way apparently!!! Bukak video liziqi
 I really like kurlansky’s book about the history of salt (called... Salt) which he might dig. Alternately, If he wants to learn to /make/ some of the food li ziqi makes, you might look at Fuscia Dunlop’s cookbook The Food Of Sichuan.
I'm just going to watch li ziqi and BE MAD I GUESS.
the grandma on Li Ziqi's youtube channel and the old dudes in my neighborhood wear the exact same bucket hat. they sell it at the dollar junction but its too small for my watermelon neanderthal head :(
 Ive Eben witching Liziqi videos. She lives in the county and grows her own food lol its what i want to do.. But wouldn't mind looking the ppl who moved away.
 Awwww ): sorry I don’t have a sense of humor so I don’t really watch comedy but — Only Sofia Nino De Rivera on Netflix and the Midnight Gospel Li Ziqi is hella soothing though, she just farms and takes care of her grandma and does almost all her editing herself
 Watch her grow into a Li Ziqi  this is so cute
 Yes, and watching Li Ziqi videos on YouTube :*)
 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. Both are Chinese youtubers that cook traditional Chinese foods. Dianxi lives in a village in Yunnan; Liziqi lives in rural Pingwu, Mianyang, Sichuan(?)). They're really fun to watch whenever you're in the mood to binge watch.
Also, since I spent my 3 days resting on twitter and surfing on Youtube for the whole day basically. Here are videos which help me to calm and ease my mind : 1. Li Ziqi videos 2. Cooking ASMR videos 3. JOLLY videos 4. Zairo's instrument plays 5. Old mandarin songs!
Time to soothe down a bit with Liziqi. 
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Video 2020 - So …it goes like…the life of peas. 
I tried the hardest cooking tutorial ever (ft. Liziqi) 
Liziqi is the real princess
liziqi best youtuber
I’ve officially run out of liziqi vids to watch
 That's the only one I've watched, after Therese Nelson tweeted about it. YouTube has served me BA suggestions ever since  (it never suggests things I actually like, like Liziqi)
Liziqi is a fairy go watch her videos on youtube
li ziqi lowkey doing more for chn soft power than cpop/c-ent could ever hope to do lmfao
if this so-called modern world is really ending, I'd like to start over a Liziqi's or Jill Redwood's way of life.
DIANXI XIAOGE - similar to Li Ziqi, but from the yunnan province - you can really see how diverse the chinese cuisine is through her videos - her family is adorable, and so is her dog dawang - her most viral video is of her making hamburger from scratch!! 
LI ZIQI - traditional chinese cooking from countryside sichuan - she literally makes EVERYTHING from scratch!!!!! - beautifully shot, soothing videos you can enjoy for their production value alone - ranges from cooking to farming to handcrafts 
Li Ziqi shows how she grows potatoes, then many methods of preparation and storage. Another mesmerizing video from the doyenne of rural Chinese agriculture, cooking, and home maintenance. "The Life of Potato." 
The bean curd colorful soy milk produced by Li Ziqi. The blue color of blueberry is due to the addition of our company's spirulina protein. Spirulina protein is a high-quality protein pigment that rejects the possibility of artificial colors harming your body. 
Aww.. You remind me of Liziqi.. hi hi hi.. Are you Liziqi from Indonesia..?  Even I don't know you personally,but Good for you I'm happy to hear that.. Please Live healthy happy. Be inspirational like Liziqi 
 I would like to say that plz share Li ziqi's videos...
 I will note that Google Translation is "interesting" for the article: "Countless foreigners have been conquered by her imaginary brain hole, which can be called Li Ziqi of the technology circle!"
Breathing into a bag because every website sucks, all features to help automatically fill out forms suck my butt. Moving to the szechuan mountains to live with panda bears and eat spicy food. Liziqi will be my neighbor, later bitches
omg so many new liziqi videos i missed???
 Also if you liked Liziqi check out Dianxi. She doesn't have the aesthetics but it's a similar type of channel. Dianxi's in Yunnan and Liziqi's in Sichuan so it's also interesting to see the difference in their cooking styles. 
Li Ziqi makes me want to pack up and move to china
Can I be these three people at once holy cow! Then I could survive anything. They are all amazing humans. YouTube is the best because it helps find these amazing talents :):) 1. Primitive Jungle Lifeskills 2. Liziqi 3. Jonna Jinton
dianxi liziqi bc of dawang
DIY from growing cotton to making quilts  via Liziqi EveryDay 
I should be sleeping or just continue my fic since it has reached its climax now but instead I start binge-watching liziqi's videos
watched too much liziqi and fell asleep
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 I want to own a farm and big yard, terus mau jadi vlogger kayak Liziqi
Just subscribed to Li Ziqi after watching an interview with her. Wow. I gotta say, she is really amazing. I’m beyond impressed by how talented she is, doing everything from scratch and how she stays mysterious despite having millions of fans. ❤️ 
I have become fascinated by 李子柒 Liziqi on youtube and tiktok. have you seen them???
3 Video per rilassarsi e relativi canali YouTube  Liziqi Channel 
liziqi on youtube is such a blessing i love her videos so much they make me wanna go live in the mountains and farm
 Enjoy it! :) I also watch Li Ziqi's channel: 
Does anyone have a Youtube channel recommendation pls..? Travel, cooking, chill vlogs (a la Li Ziqi/Dianxi Xiaoge).. My reco page has been looking very similar lately and I need new stuff to watch
Private person? Li Ziqi is not a person, but a team. Of course, their work is excellent.
 Private person? Li Ziqi is not a person, but a team. Of course, their work is excellent.
physically I'm working my ass off but mentally I'm married to Gillian Anderson and we are happily living together in the countryside like a version of Liziqi
i watch liziqi and god every day i’m so mad i can’t live a farm life being able to grow so many vegetables and fruits and spend my days simply
Sri Lankan YouTubers taking Li Ziqi as an inspiration has started uploading videos and all I can think is how similar our cooking styles are. Sri Lankan village and Maldivian island. Dump coconut milk into everything. I was v rich in coconut when I was little 
 if u like them i think you’ll really like liziqi!! not as clean but still really cool and calming :)
I tried to replicate Liziqi cooking video of potato rosti recipe (it's easier than it seems) 
 I once saw Li Ziqi making moon cakes and I'm addicted
 YOU WATCH LIZIQI TOO??
Why couldn’t god make me Liziqi  is that too much to ask for...
（年夜大餐）NYE dinner, wish you all happy and health|Liziqi channel 
Lan Wangji Liziqi style but always surrounded by bunnies 
Yeah fuck bon appétit all food media i’m consuming now is from Liziqi and sweetpotatosoul lol
The extraordinary storytelling of Li Ziqi beautifully told from rural China to millions worldwide on YouTube. Her enchanting videos show her cooking, building, harvesting, sewing, farming, and more. 
 liziqi got some nice calming videos if you want to watch that too! It's videos of rural china life, like food and such. Very calming 3
ตลกมาก555555555 I tried the hardest cooking tutorial ever (ft. Liziqi) 
Liziqi videos were all the self care I needed for today. I want to live inside them 
9:33 *i dont know , the sky was blue , when she did it*  its too hard to be like 
Shoot, im addicted to watch liziqi's videos. Setiap mau tidur. N anehnya its really brings peace to my soul.
I watched Liziqi cooked chinese stir fried potato the other day... Want to cook the same but can i replace bell pepper with chives lolololol
Chinese Li Ziqi has gone viral with 10.7 million followers on YouTube. Li lives a slow-paced life in Sichuan, SW . In her videos, She makes everything, ranging from paper to cloth and even a sofa, from scratch with her own hands. 
Liziqi’s channel just takes me away
if you ever wanna watch some calming chinese cooking/crafting go watch liziqi on yt because this shit is so wonderful
 I know exactly tho you are referring 
Bruhhh.... how to live like liziqi....
Orphaned. Neglected. School dropout. An all too familiar path to self destruction. Li Ziqi rose above all this to start a one woman traditional Chinese arts crafts vlog. RTd about her real life furniture making. Now more impressed. 
 except li ziqi that's EXACTLY what my youtube recommendations look like too (but theres also more cooking videos because i watch way too many cooking videos)
 my youtube recommended videos are all bon appetit, li ziqi, kpop mvs, and various spooky shit
 I've been watching Liziqi videos,, it's where i live now
youtuber liziqi is THAT woman.
 Liziqi for relaxing
Bruh...how to live like liziqi....
Gems of YouTube channels if you want to zen tf out Dianxi Xiaoge Liziqi
 Haha he's called Gavin Webber and his channel is a world of quiet cheesy goodness. But OOOOOOoooooo Liziqi! Thank you! This is exactly the content I needed right now!
 Omgggg those all sound amazing (especially the last). Back at the start of quarantine I had Liziqi videos looping in the background as I worked. They're so soothing.
One of my favorite pastimes during the MCO is watching Li Ziqi’s videos. They’re so calming and satisfying to watch! I don’t get to do it often though because I’m often preoccupied with work, house chores the kids’ home learning. But they’re a treat  
 Liziqi Living Big In A Tiny House Exploring Alternatives 꿀꿀한 냥냥이 GGNN Dianxi Xiaoge
after watching Liziqi’s videos, finally fought my laziness and cooked my marble potatoes ✨✨✨
 Yesss. Liziqi + Netflix haha
Li Ziqi's cooking is so mouth watering to look at. Traditional food will always have my heart
 I highly recommend Li Ziqi's videos then. Nature + therapeutic actions of cooking, sewing or crafting!
 Thank you addy 
 i saw you shared relaxing music and i thought of this. Not sure if you watch her already, but Li Ziqi has a yt channel and i find her videos so relaxing, inspiring and motivating. Wanted to share in case you'll enjoy it too  
 seventeen, ondo, liziqi channel, ria sw
Abis nontonin video video liziqi, ya ampun adem banget She is like angel and the place is like heaven, her life looks like one straight out of a fairy tale❤ Yang lagi stress you guys must watch her video 
Minsan tlga pag may gusto akong bilhin tas i get frustrated kasi i cant buy it i just go to Liziqi's channel or Dianxi's channel to keep me in check, to tell myself na how great a simple life is
 Recommend another Youtube channel - liziqi. This perhaps is one of the most popular channels. 
I spend my day off watching Liziqi videos on youtube✨❤ I'm so blessed
you might also enjoy this channel if you like liziqi's videos. it has a similar vibe. and there's a big, fluffy dog 
Calming as always Liziqi
 if you want to watch the most peaceful thing ever, either watch this chinese youtube channel liziqi or this channel of a dude who hops trains - ranoutonarail both so fucking cozy i know this doesn't answer your question but i play v violent games
Who is more deserving of respect? 1) overpaid MSM neolib shill 2) paid for Congress whore or 3) Li Ziqi, who builds furniture from bamboo she harvests herself? Hint: 2/3rds of these could not build a chair (or anything else) if their lives depended on it.
Liuzhou "Luosifen": Slurpy, Spicy, and Absolutely Satisfying | Liziqi Ch... 
Such talent! I love watching Li Ziqi. 
How to make Salted Duck Egg Yolk Sauce（Chinese Mayonnaise）|Liziqi Channel 
*turns up the liziqi videos bec i can feel myself spiraling*
My Mom is now obsessed with Chinese blogger Liziqi
Just discovered Liziqi a few weeks back, and can't stop watching all her vids: 
Liziqi's videos are so fun to watch. Even if they call me lazy in 100 different ways 
-Disconnecting from Social Media -Bullet Journaling or even Normal Journaling -Watching calm videos on youtube, I recommend youtubers like : ohnonina,zoenotzoey,ondo, cozyday, planD, liziqi, sunhae milkcloud
 li ziqi’s videos on YouTube! Her videos always make me feel much more relaxed 
 Liziqi! Definitely
 More than welcome! And if you want to see a woman living and cooking in very traditional way you can also check 李子柒 Liziqi out~ She’s very skillful! กับข้าวกับตา is also an interesting channel about a housewife cooking Thai traditional food~ ✨
but my grandma’s house is even more underdeveloped than liziqi’s skfndjbjdjsjd
The life of Potato by Liziqi 
1989 students dared to dream of change ... 2020, young Chinese hope to slow down the pace of change ... why else do you think Li Ziqi have 30 million followers? 
Watching Liziqi to destress 
i genuinely think you can be a better person by simply watching li ziqi on youtube
 Li Ziqi is from Sichuan, that's kinda expected lol. And oh Suzhou? Woooooow. 
 I think so? Liziqi is also eating a lot of chilli  I just checked the About page on her YT and penjie is a Suzhou girl!
 Check out Liziqi on youtube 
Everyone should watch Liziqi's youtube channel once. Omg it seems like she lives in some kind of heaven 
liziqi makes me think that i can actually learn to do all the things i want to do
gonna go watzh liziqi and hopefully try to fall back asleep
binge watching liziqi’s videos since last night  
 ((Li Ziqi's videos aren't really tutorials. They're more of lifestyle videos to show a way of life that's very different than most of her audience.))
highly recommend watching liziqi’s videos rn to anyone feeling stressed. she lives in the chinese countryside of mianyang with her grandma and grows/cooks all her own food makes her own clothes, usually using traditional chinese tools and techniques 
 I highly recommend Liziqi 
amazing liziqi cooking food 2020 
Binge-watching Liziqi’s videos again :) What a calm world they live in
Serotonin boost youtube edition: -The Chateau Diaries -Jonna Jinton -Life with Beans -girl in calico -李子柒 Liziqi -Ellen Fisher -Joana Ceddia -Karolina Żebrowska -Rachel Maksy
Beautiful watch Liziqi and what she can do with her spuds. Mountain life 
feeling so hobbity talking about squirrels with Tea and watching liziqi plant potatoes better than me... it’s a good feeling. after I’m done with this, I feel like I can work ☺️
when liziqi fast chops stuff without looking at the cleaver I pray and cry, even if she doesn’t need it 
Liziqi is me do the cooking, the cleaning everyday to my villagers ✨ 
Dahyun serving that Chinese Youtuber Liziqi here, the one we said looks like Mina. That hairstyle she ate that 
Liziqi show you the secret of her backyard , its a amazing garden 
I’m de stressing knitting and yt but wait... is liziqi harvesting potato flowers to eat?? aren’t they part of the nightshade family?????
Tontonan selama : 1. 3 Meals a Day 2. NCIS New Orleans 3. Komeng Acak Adul 4. Chibi Maruko Chan 5. Prison Playbook 6. Liziqi Youtube Channel 7. Knowing Bros 8. Mother's Touch : Koren Side Dishes 
 ofcourse! i love dianxi too but liziqi is so magical
liziqi is a fairy
Donut try liziqi at home ❗️ 
randomly watching Liziqi’s video on youtube, honestly I don’t really know what’s happening but I’m less stressed now, hope they will include english subtitle to the channel.
Someone gets me out of Liziqi channel, I’m supposed to be asleep two hours ago 
Yey! there's a new Li Ziqi vid! a good break from all of these chaos 
been watching li ziqi videos for 2 hours. going thru it
Liziqi shares the life of Potatoes 
It’s a potato party night with my favorite manic pixie Chinese farm girl Liziqi! 
Liziqi's latest video is called 'The Life of Potato' and it was a challenge having her film my daily routine but the results are lovely as you can see 
no by linking this im not lowkey hooking u into watching her vids but that is exactly what im doing hahahah stan li ziqi 
YES QUEEN NEW LI ZIQI VIDEO watching this rlly b self care ladies n other very relevant people  
 Outside of Twitter is a YouTube channel called Liziqi and her videos are highly binge worthy. Her videos are extremely peaceful and beautiful. They help me out a lot with my anxiety (especially these days) and provide a short escape from reality. I hope it can do the same for you
fell a sleep while watching liziqi, best 20 min nap i think
stan liziqi for better life 
You wouldn’t expect that today’s video is called "The Life of Potato"! 你... 
One of my favorite channel, Liziqi. Everytime she's updating my heart goes tsugtsug.. ☺ Such a pretty talented lady. She inspired me to build my own green house but just inspired, I didn't build anything 'cause mother nature doesn't like me.  
 Pufflova, one meal day, nino's home, liziqi, willgoz
 Li Ziqi never replies to anyone, including on the domestic platform. Don't be sad. I can see that you love her very much 
Ma queen Liziqi You wouldn’t expect that today’s video is called "The Life of Potato"! 你... 
Kinda want to move to China and be Li Ziqi’s neighbour
Liziqi has a new video up and you better believe I smashed the play button on that agrarian farm porn so fast it would make your head spin
Everytime I watch Liziqi's video I just wanna leave everything behind and be an aesthetic-forward farmer living off the land.
anyways i’m watching liziqi
 
Li ZiQi -- an interesting Chinese girl, she USES her diligence and wisdom to interpret the real life of China's traditional agricultural society. Her YouTube videos are often viewed tens of millions of times. It's incredible. 
Liziqi is back yall. Lemme repeat the queen is back! Go go watch 
Only Liziqi can title her video "The Life of Potato" and get a trillion views 
wait liziqi posted let me get my serotonins for the day
Watching Liziqi's videos to feel peaceful inside the chaos internet news feed 
Liziqi's way of life is the one I aspire to have... The main motivation for me to get money... To live in a nice house in the forest and self sustain..
Thank you for uploading another video tonight, Liziqi. ❤️ 
liziqi posted 
Liziqi has uploaded a new video about potatoes  aaaah 
You may watch Liziqi channel of the Jade Emperor’s world on YouTube.
I watch Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge on YouTube every single day right before I sleep. I love their videos so much.
Liziqi: Beautifully cooking, crafting anything Commenter: She lies about everything Sometimes I know why I lose hope in humanity
downloaded a bunch of liziqi videos so I can watch them even when my mobile data runs out and I think that's self care
1. Elected as the promotion ambassador for China, Li Ziqi appears on magazines and sells products. Will her public persona of fairy still make sense? 2. For brands that dedicate to sustainability, how to respond to consumer’s suspicion of “ green washing”? 
（年夜大餐）NYE dinner, wish you all happy and health|Liziqi channel 
Found male version of dianxi and liziqi 
''Something that stays in your mind will someday springs up in your life,'' Li Ziqi. Philippines 
Latest Liziqi Cooking Unique Delicacy Food 2020 
 Interesting  Especially after going through liziqi videos on Facebook 
just spent an entire afternoon watching shera and screenshotting liziqi/dianxixiaoge videos for reference and playing sky and watchng true crime docs.... how relaxing....
Me over every little inconvenience that needs some fix and repair: "KENAPA AKU BUKAN MBAK LIZIQI!!"
Im so jealous of Li Ziqi's life. That simple life near a surf break is the ultimate dream!!  Hay kalami mangandoy ug stress-free life~ 
What Liziqi can’t do? I keep watching her channel for my mental health. It’s therapeutic ❤️❤️ 
 Oooh! I have a bunch!! I really love Dianxi Xiaoge 
Day 01 Study from Liziqi's vlog. Wanted to try painting the same pic in different time of the day 
Latest Liziqi Videos 2020 - Amazing Liziqi Cooking Delicacy Food 
 watch Li Ziqi, it's a very relaxing channel in youtube which shows a girl doing all house chores in a remote place somewhere in Sichuan. all her videos are amazing and relaxing :)
 I would recommend: English Heritage (Victorian Way series is very good) Bernadette Banner 龙梅梅Longmeimei 李子柒 Liziqi Brave Wilderness Junskitchen
The life of ! Which is your favorite food made from wheat? This is a video made by 李子柒. The life she presented in each video is just like a . How nice it would be to live in a peaceful world like that! 
I watch liziqi videos for my health
If I die My heaven is to wake up with 
Fun fact: Hawthorn was inspired by a Liziqi video, lol.
 Yo, if you like cats and dogs, there's this channel called MilkyBokkiTan (they adopted an orange kitten lately) they are super duper cute. And there's this girl called Liziqi. Don't watch Liziqi if u're hungry
Can I live with liziqi? 
 FHDGSSTHRRNRBD ITS LIZIQI AND IK THWT VID. ITS THE LIPSTICK ONE RIGHT
Li Ziqi () is appointed by ’s Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs to be one of the ambassadors to the Chinese Farmers’ Harvest Festival. 
 These videos come into your youtube suggestions at 3 AM  watch liziqi too her videos are satisfying.
 I strongly recommend Li Ziqi`s video, she shows a lot of Chinese foods, I think you would like them!!! you can find it on youtube.
 + play games, watch liziqi and interesting forensic cases
 i watch so many food channels but the ones i can name off the top of my head... liziqi, kimagure cook, binging with babish i also watch reignbot and nexpo when rhey cover horror ARG related stuff
Six Asian YouTubers to Watch for Urban Escape Fantasies These breathtaking videos offer relaxing escapes in stressful times. 
 He needs to go see Liziqi. Check out her many videos on YouTube. I got started watching her making furniture out of Bamboo but quickly started drooling over her meals and photography. Hope she made it thru the CCP Virus okay.
In other parts of the globe, settlers!  烤红薯酸辣粉|gooey sweet potatoeshand-made noodles, in hot and sour soup|Liziqi 
 Liziqi is amazing, thanks for recommending here and to for posting about earlier
oh to live a life the way liziqi lives
Li Ziqi videos bring me so much calm
 I NEVER LIKED A VIDEO THAT'S NOT LI ZIQI OR RIE THIS FAST
Li ziqi *digs a bit on the forest floor* obtains matsutake Me: sure hope this mushroom won't kill me 
Unlike Guo Jingming, I'll admit to plagiarism. This was inspired by "Li Ziqi and Guo Jingming" 李子柒与郭敬明, which you can read here: 
The new egalitarianism 新的平等取向的政治形态 that Li called for never materialized. The 90后 were by and large fucked, unless their parents had already made it. No wonder Li Ziqi's vision of rural self-reliance, escape from alienation, and the pleasures of making stuff took off. 
Li Ziqi 李子柒—90后 watching the countryside from a rented room in Baiyun vs. Guo Jingming 郭敬明—80后 dreaming the city while getting a degree in foreign trade from a provincial school, in a time when an unspectacular 4'8" man from Zigong could come to lead a media empire... 
 do you like watch films of Li Ziqi?
We watching Liziqi on YouTube cause it’s relaxing
 Meee tooo! My whole youtube history, is Maangchi, Chinese YouTubed Li Ziqi, bon appetit, and Babybus- Lol I don’t get it my toddler loves to watch cartoons only in Korean
 I like the upper right channel a lot more than Li Ziqi content. Li Ziqi felt too mystical and her content and a lot more broad. Xiao ge channel focus more on cuisine and the way Yunnan people live. It is a hard life but felt real and thing they actually do in day to day living.
The fact some Westerners think people like Li Ziqi showcasing simple life in China is CCP Propaganda just shows their profound ignorance and penchant to judge things they haven’t slightest clue about 
It’s the riches brought by Industrialization and technology that allow Li Ziqi of China to monetize their content catering to urbanites wishing for simpler life. Li Ziqi is product of her time. In less industrialized 1980s China where I grew up, it wouldn’t be possible
Actually Industrialization and technology in China made Li Ziqi possible. When Chinese urbanites pine for “Lost Golden Age” of pastoral life, they turn to watch her content. Back in 1980s, very few Chinese people would find that life enchanting.
Li Ziqi and her production team of 200 people thank the 10MM of you for subscribing: 
 thank you ninaa, my liziqi partner ✨
As the world destroys itself in slow motion, we could all use a little Li Ziqi right about now. De-stressing 101~ 
 I wished i lived a life like liziqi's
Liziqi is so beautiful,i love her 
Just recorded a 2hr lecture on “我食故我在“ (edo ergo sum?) for NTU. Wish I were there. But having mashed together 天工開物, boba, mantou, dumplings, cha lineages, covid, Animal Crossing, Li Ziqi, Bao, Kingdom, Lu Xun *and* my month-feast pic into one talk – my work is done 
Liziqi and dianxi xiaoge are so badass i wish i could do even half of what they can
Urban writers in the '80s went back to the land, too (some had already been, sent down when the Red Guards got rowdy). Roots-seeking 寻根 was a subversion of mainstream conceptions of nation and progress, looking for truth in the native place 乡土—isn't that Li Ziqi? 
If Li Ziqi 李子柒 isn't Randy Weaver, maybe a modern Shen Congwen 沈从文, revering honest work, putting the mountain folk and the artisan over the urban elite, looking for the primitive foundations instead of the modern nation. 
Me : spending 3 months designing and producing 2 sets of table and stool Li ziqi : done more in a week  
I was looking for any movies or show with similar vibe to little forest and found it in the form of liziqi's youtube channel
The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. On the opposite side of the technologists hoping to bury the West are not capitulationists but Li Ziqi et al. and their visions of radical deindustrialization and post-SHTF pastoralism. 
 Holy cow. Can we just follow him around for a day? I imagine it being just the most adorable and relaxing thing. Like those Li Ziqi videos, but with branch art and hymns and baking.
Li Ziqi Turns Corn Into a Chinese Feast 
This week's newsletter and recs: - a podcast with (h/t ) - Liziqi, a Chinese content creator who is living animal crossing IRL (h/t ) - Avatar: The Last Airbender - 's Creativity, Inc. 
 You can find Tianjin’s intangible cultural heritage - sugar painting in this video made by Li Ziqi. If you would like to try this taste of tradition, just take a tour to Tianjin Culture Street! 
 You can find her videos on YouTube. Her name is Liziqi.
 Liziqi lover detected
I can totally imagine instrumentals being used in village life videos like Liziqi's, or Animal Crossing edits, or chill anime videos (with cherry blossom/spring theme or cooking theme) 
 I love the youtubers Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. They combine cooking with gathering and gardening ❤
liziqi’s videos really bring me another level of peace and relaxation
 I had painted this Li Ziqi cooking scene a while back and want to get back to paint more of those backgrounds 
I love the kind of videos Liziqi makes. if you havent watched her you're missing out on the most soothing stuff.
This is my favorite channel on YouTube go give my girl Liziqi a sub ✨✨
 We've been watching a lot of LiZiqi's videos, they are so calm and inspiring. What beekeeping channels would you recommend?
5 shows, 5 tags - American Factory - For All Mankind - Kim’s Convenience - Ugly Delicious - Li Ziqi’s YT Channel Tagging and 
 where do you lay on a gay spectrum between liziqi and caitlin the mortician
Channel Youtube Liziqi super healing anti overthinking.
 Such communication may well exist on platforms other than Twitter or FB. I would say vloggers like Li Ziqi do help people in US to have a glimpse at lives of common Chinese. But sure, such exchange may be overrated. It’s more like an one side observation (from China).
Liziqi is the only person on YouTube I won’t watch on 2x for
im gonna have to watch some liziqi or something to help me fall asleep the way my blood pressure be looking rn...
 Btw, Liziqi is that woman that makes those relaxing videos of her making stuff like paper, food with traditional methods? I love those videos, I once spent a whole evening watching them :D
Celebrity KOLs like Li Ziqi, Mr Bags, Becky Li and Kim Kardashian’s friend Viya Huang are used to bringing us their colourful social lives and fashion scoops – but what stories have they been telling over weeks of Covid-19 quarantine? 
 liziqi is my queen
 Li Ziqi lives the cottagecore life we all aspire to
I swear to god watching liziqi is a universal gay experience All of us know about her naturally
 loh sama ya kayak channel liziqi. gonna subscribe too✓ 
 I LOVE Liziqi's channel! One of my favorites out there
 you have to check Liziqi’s YouTube channel, it’s really the life you want to live! Peaceful music, making everything (I mean everything) herself from scratch!
ANXIETY BUSTER TOOL KIT ⚔️The Guild of Ambiance 
Would much rather spend my time watching people giving carpentry tips (even though I probs will never do woodworking lol), how things are made, and Li Ziqi vids
So depressed these months in Guangzhou,only watching Liziqi's video can comfort and relax me.Hope China's economy will recover soon,so as the world's.We will win the battle with covid-2019.Perhaps humanbeings will die out,but not this time.not now.I will survive too.I have to.
watching liziqi. feeling at peace.
 I should watch liziqi videos on YouTube I personally think they’re very on brand for Erin to enjoy
I just want liziqi from youtube to know I’d die for her :(
I noticed, my top 3 fave Youtubers are Asians: Ryan Higa, Maangchi, and Liziqi.
I have GOT to know how liziqi plants her crops in random fields in the woods and on mountaintops without animals and bugs just destroying them. no fences or pesticides in sight so HOW
 i rly like sinjin drowning, jarvis johnson, nakeyjakey, evan and katelyn, and liziqi a lot :O
This is how Li Ziqi's idyllic life, which is admired by millions of fans, was shot like this! This shows that the market for brain disabilities is still very large, and it is also on the oil pipeline and is vigorously promoted.
maybe you should watch some liziqi on youtube then maybe you’ll calm down
You may not have heard of Li Ziqi, but she is one of the most popular social media personalities in the world despite the fact that she rarely speaks during her relaxing videos celebrating idyllic country life. She has 10M YouTube subscribers. 
 Liziqi. Your life is a out to change.
Damn i heard Li Ziqi got injured. Wish her fast recovery. Huhu. ❤️ 
 There was one more: Li Ziqi is some vera level asmr+cooking+aesthetics channel
If you want to know more Chinese food, you can search them in Youtube.  1. Liziqi 2. A Bite of China 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Not fangirling related... I love watching Liziqi.. the calmness.. the nature, her talents and skills.. 
cat-eye-nebula: Source: make some sweet persimmons |Liziqi channel 
李子柒 Liziqi 
Talking shit abt Liziqi has the same viciousness and uselessness as hating on an ASMR channel, or the primitive building guys,it's like,why are you trying to bring down something that's making your life at least marginally better/more interesting/relaxing
Now’s the perfect time to get lost watching Li Ziqi’s mesmerizing videos. 
 My favorite ones are liziqi and dianxi xiaoge
 More of sharing country life. Yeah Li Ziqi is their inspiration as per the creator
 They are cooking channels but not the typical cooking channel per say. more focusing on sharing the Sri Lankan cuisine + ASMR + Life Style. Inspired by Liziqi Dianxi Xiaoge
one of my favorite channels on youtube, liziqi, is basically chinese little house on the prairie watching her hand-pour little lollipops made from wheat sugar (that she grew and processed herself) reminded me of how they made maple sugar candies in the snow in those books
How to make Salted Duck Egg Yolk Sauce（Chinese Mayonnaise）|Liziqi Channel 
 liziqi is laughing at your comment.
I love u liziqi grrr
Now for something completely different: let your mind be mesmerized as you watch Li Ziqi craft furniture from local bamboo hear her home in Pingwu, Mianyang, Sichuan China. 
Anyone else addicted to Liziqi YouTube channel? If not, go watch. It is crazy relaxing and incredibly beautiful.
Speaking of Li Ziqi, her videos are so beautiful and breathtaking and amazing to behold, but I think my favorite thing about them is how she takes care of her grandmother. There's so much love between them.
Does know about Li Ziqi and her Youtube series? It's too bad COVID-19 threw a monkey wrench into things because I'd love to see these two cook together.
Liziqi has legit one of the best youtube channels. Her videos are amazing. We stan a woman who can build from scratch
Yo stan Liziqi for better life! Gahahaha... The life of wheat! Which is your favorite food made from wheat?关于小麦的一生，你... 
I could watch Liziqi videos ALL DAY  If being an artist doesnt work out, I can just retreat to mountain and start a farm and live off the land  
Li Ziqi makes some of the most relaxing and inspiring videos on YouTube, so we talked to her about her inspirations. 
i thought liziqi was mina for a split second  
I was watching liziqi n I’m on the verge of tears that food look so good
Liziqi is seriously the most talented person ever
Liziqi inspired me to hone my cooking skills
（面包窑）a bread kiln, to bake a crisp and sweet bread|Liziqi 
 You shoukd learn from Liziqi. I am also learning from her
i dont like asmr (and thats what a lot of them seem to be) but i really like watching food related and food prep videos i just want to watch asian people cooking like an obscene amount of asian food but maybe i'll just watch liziqi again
 Liziqi, you have nothing to fear from copycats your videos are way too good. Take care
 Liziqi!!! My absolute favorite Oh and daily dose of internet Liziqis vids are so peaceful and calm me incredibly much especially when im having a bad day And ddoi just makes me smile or laugh or surprises me Serotonin yt channels fr
 Liziqi is a personal fave. Her videos are visually stunning the subject matter is fascinating to watch.
 Liziqi is a favorite on YouTube. No dialogue. Just gardening and cooking. 
 omfg what happened? I like Li Ziqi and it seems like as if she cannot catch a break from hate post.
Best Time of Year to Comsume Juicy and Tender Bamboo Shoots; Pick As Much As You Like|Liziqi 
I can't even watch Liziqi videos while I'm eating without getting unreasonably hungry 
It’s disgusting when people slut shaming li ziqi or even want her to get raped just to fulfill their anti-ccp sentiments.  
im obsessed with liziqi videos
If you don’t know what else to watch while quarantined, I recommend Liziqi’s channel on YouTube. Her videos are so amazing and soothing.
 Are you familiar with Liziqi? She is an amazing young girl with endless skills. Here she makes her own bread oven (kiln): 
Content creator to know: Liziqi - one of China’s most popular internet celebrities with local+international reach - local: 20M+ fans on Weibo (Twitter)/30M+ followers on Douyin (TikTok) - international: 10M+ YouTube subscribers (videos average 10M views, 10k+ comments per video)
Watching Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge Videos is 
Just watched a new liziqi video Healing 
 from YouTube We are very similar with each other. Although we experience very very hard time, we still love Life. We pursue the Poetic Life. 
seeing liziqi make jam and cook is so therapeutic
Me introducing mother to Li Ziqi's YT channel and her immensely therapeutic videos. Mother: Iss ki Shaadi hui hai? What sort of brain conditioning is this?
Watch Liziqi on YouTube. Thank me later 
 Nothing brightens my day like seek f a new liziqi upload.
Mm its so calming to watch those liziqi vids
liziqi sis blink twice if you’re being held hostage
My latest top 3 YouTube channels 1. Liziqi 2. Haegreendal 3. APHD Channel
watch liziqi to cure ur sad
liziqi is perhaps everything i want to be in life
Amazing Liziqi Cooking Delicacy Food 2020 
every time I watch the Liziqi youtube channel, I want to be her assistant  
Haaaa Liziqi update finallyyyyyy
i love li ziqi on youtube but the comments sections always have those guys who clearly want a tradwife
 I'm not asking out of any sort of judgement, but I'm curious if you tried the puzzle yourself? For me, part of the enjoyment is solving it (though it takes me an hour and a half), but it seems other people watch CtC the way I do Alec Steele or LiZiqi
I Really Adore Her.. Love all the content Liziqi put out. Always Thank you for you. God bless you  
watching 李子柒 Liziqi's channel is the most relaxing shit ever... she's out there living her best life being productive and shit.... good for her, good for her
 u ever just watch liziqi for 5 hours straight and decide "this is me now"
The recent liziqi upload just hits me again at how gorgeous she is. When she laughs? Perfect. 
li ziqi is literally so cool i will never get over her
 is among the 6 people who got selected as the Promotional Ambassadors of the Chinese Farmers’ Harvest Festival. Also listed as ambassadors is renowned agronomist Yuan Longping, according to the Ministry of Agriculture. 
Liziqi' life of xxx series is everything 
liziqi best girl 
Feel as though I may break down into tears after watching a liziqi video where she makes an absolutely beauteous looking feast of many different dishes while I was stuck eating a more disgusting than usual frozen pizza
Read more on Li Ziqi and find the perfect quarantine activities. 
wanna watch the new liziqi but it's gonna make me hangry
If you ever want to feel like a shallow failure, go watch Liziqi grow her own wheat, harvest it, and turn it into all kinds of food and items.
Screenshots from Liziqi's latest video. If you want a little escape from the toxic reality, subscribe to this superhuman's YouTube channel ❤️ 
Liziqi posted a new video yayy healing time before sleep
thank you liziqi for blessing my eyes 
Li Ziqi and her 200-person production crew have made a nearly 20-minute video about 小麦: 
oh, also to add, Liziqi on Youtube is the calmest channel ever
 Im new to watching liziqi videos and its so relaxing watching her.
beautiful life from liziqi 
The opening scene from LiziQi recent video is somewhat looks like Ghibli animation scene. So beautiful. 
（年夜大餐）NYE dinner, wish you all happy and health|Liziqi channel 
Liziqi is one of the best youtube recommendations that I have ever gotten
Satisfying banget nonton liziqi 1080p 
Once again, absolutely amazing 
 "abolish commodity production" A-ha… how do we get our daily good? Everyone living the life of Liziqi? "abolish […] the value form" - What? Exchange value? Use value? What are these pseudo-Marxist imposters talking about anyhow? 
there's a new video from liziqi but with my slow internet connection I can only dream of watching it :/
อีเจ้ Liziqi ดูเธอแล้วสุขใจและผ่อนคลายจริงๆ The life of wheat! Which is your favorite food made from wheat?关于小麦的一生，你... 
Finding comfort in Liziqi's videos 
liziqi finally uploaded a new video my depression is cured
mbak liziqi, ladies and gentlemen!! 
watch Li ziqi videos for clean skin
Is li ziqi even real at this point 
Finally, my fave girl, Liziqi has uploaded new video Heal my soul Who knows her? 
i don't see anyone talk about this chinese woman, Liziqi, na super relaxing ng mga videos. she can do it all! from cooking traditional mouth-watering chinese cousine, to making their own tofu, soy sauce beer, she even made her own earth oven, her own bamboo bed frame ❤️ 
liziqi is so hard working i can't even T_T i luv you
I remember my liziqi phase
 I know something that may soothe you sleepy. You could go to YouTube and watch videos if Liziqi. It has incredible views of mountainous China. She does very simple things and most videos have no talking.
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Liziqi is not human. She's an elf, a beautiful wood elf.
Ultimate DIY XD How to make Salted Duck Egg Yolk Sauce（Chinese Mayonnaise）|Liziqi Channel 
Relax, unwind, and get inspired with this article about YouTube sensation Li Ziqi. 
 Ohh this reminds me of Li Ziqi. Will watch!
Apparently Li Ziqi made snacks wackier than momiji leaf tempura and sakura wagashi. *slow claps* 
liziqi too sometimes
Nice flavor 
Traditional craft 500 years old. Challenge bamboo basket weaving like Liziqi 
I just wanna live faraway and hope to be like liziqi
I love Liziqi 
 u know baby, last week there was a Sri Lankan youtuber who made videos like Chinese liziqi and i was impressed, after few seconds i grasped she spoke sinhala, then commented something strong and left the page, I knew it wasn't her fault,, but the hatred is deep in heart
 -Dianxi Xiaoge -Liziqi -Juno Birch -Try Guys
If yall like liziqi you can check out senja and pagi journey, very similar even the grading is uncanny. I just hope they could improvised with their own style.
gil's really got me hooked on these liziqi videos i'm soooo slow watching them bc it's hard for me to sit still but god they're so good to watch
Ok I'm totally confused Liziqi, channel on yt. What is it??? Like??? How? Who and for what made this? A) the girl - looks a bit like mina B) "live" in fantazy-like mountain country house C) extra aesthetic fancy cooking Also, dianxi, the same... Chineese propaganda? Lul?
 Idk I watch these sometimes:Le roi des rats, pick up limes, exurb1a, blow up l'actualité du cinéma, liziqi and some channels that share audiobooks
ค่ดปั่น I tried the hardest cooking tutorial ever (ft. Liziqi) 
My hand straight away click when new Liziqi video come out. Shes is the best youtuber that worth your subscription. her content very cinematography, calming, humble and relaxing. Im enjoy every contents of her video
My mother called yesterday, while I was in bed with Liziqi channel on Youtube and we ended up talking about Keng Hwah, or Wijaya Kusuma, or the flower of fortune. I remember seeing one of these as a kid, quite rare, but some of my Chinese neighbors kept them. 
Ms Liziqi, may i borrow ur knifeeeeeee
seeing Indonesia's trending on YouTube is such a torture. similar thumbnail, caption and everything's provoking. wtf. gonna go back to watch liziqi's videos.
what do you think Liziqi can bench
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province - Adpulp 
（笋）Best Time of Year to Comsume Juicy and Tender Bamboo Shoots; Pick As Much As You Like|Liziqi 
Shanghai establishes ’s first professional committee for multi-channel networks (MCN). With the rise of short videos and live streaming, internet celebrities like and have helped expand a huge market in the online new economy. 
 One of the good videos that required many steps to film. Li Ziqi, you have so many similar qualities like me.
 I think you’d like Li Ziqi 
 My 9 year old and I love Li Ziqi’s channel - here’s my favorite one: 
 You should try watch people who are living at the village and show us how they life. Other than liziqi ofc
i found a similar channel to Liziqi... I'll be back in a few days, after i finish watching every video 
Liziqi on IG has such an interesting life
Seharian ini nonton channelnya Li Ziqi (mungkin udah pada tau aku aja yang telat) OMG this girl's survival skill is goddess level. Jaws keep dropping as you watch, it's so satisfying. Probably the best channel I found on Youtube. 
Reading a lot of hate for Liziqi on youtube. Idk why people are so bitter upon seeing someone else’s success story. Of course she would make a lot of money and she doesn’t work alone anymore, so what? She’s making a lot of people smile and relax with her videos, so stfu and enjoy
wish i had a liziqi life during this quarantine period
 I'm more interested farmer!WWX like if this happened in modern AU WWX can started his own LiZiQi channel in Youtube //slapped
Di umur berapa kamu baru nonton Liziqi? I feel like I just found a purpose of life.
I was just thinking how it is impossible for white people to live like Li Ziqi in the US, because European food culture is just incompatible with the stolen land.
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
Youre missing in life if u haven't watched the YouTube videos of "Liziqi" Girls so talented and i jus wanna say DAMN YOU'RE ONE HELLA WOMAN
 I watch The Meticulous Manicurist, Shiatsu Shane, Li Ziqi, or Dianxi Xiaoge on YouTube to make me sleepy enough to fall asleep immediately and not toss and turn.
The wwx liziqi crossover i never knew i needed
liziqi’s videos are so therapeutic
My mum and I have been literally sitting from 11pm till now watching Li Ziqi’s videos.
every day mdzs twitter finds a new way to hurt me by combining mdzs with another thing I love. we've had liziqi, kingdom hearts, cardcaptor sakura ...... when will my suffering end
 You're welcome!!! I hope Liziqi inspires so many more people to start channels like this so we can live our best rural lives ❤️
Also!! If you don't know the incredible Liziqi this is her channel 
 any time anyone in the world mentions li ziqi, whether i hear them say it or not, i am suddenly calm. this is so pretty!
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
I made my family watch videos of Liziqi and now they're all entranced
watching liziqi videos to calm the shit inside of me
Semakin menuju liziqi. I just got result 'cottagecore' on quiz 'what aesthetic are you?'. What will you get? 
my mum went from being racist to chinese people to always making chinese food, looking at their recipes, and watching liziqi on youtube yk my mum’s a garden person and foodie when that of all things is making her less racist
Li Ziqi Turns Corn Into a Chinese Feast 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
I found another channel on youtube like Liziqi and I was surprised because she cooked halal Chinese food.
 YES THE QUEEN LIZIQI
does anyone else remember that during the time mina was taking a break onces became obsessed over this chinese youtuber named liziqi because at some angles she had just a tiny bit of resemblance to mina shdjdfg
LRT i love liziqi's videos and a wangxian AU of her lifestyle sounds amazing....
lrt omg i watch li ziqi's vids too  they're so relaxing especially when ur trying to wind down after a long day 15/10 would recommend 
liziqi's channel is singlehandedly keeping me afloat today
 Li ziqi + Wangxian???????? INJECTTTT ITTTT I cant believe I never thought about how similar their retired life would be to hers
 Yessss!! I love watching Li Ziqi's videos!! Totally would dig this Wangxian AU 
 yes liziqi queen
 aaah this is just so busy! i love li ziqi's videos myself they are the most relaxing thing ever i swear. and oh wangxian totally would be like that in retirement
Today, I’m TBL (thinkin ‘bout Liziqi)
 I love li ziqi videos!!! She is so talented and a true Disney princess! I rewatched her videos a leat 5 times in one day.
 ahhhhh i love li ziqi and her videos, they bring such a sense of calmness and nostalgia from where i used to live ;-; it totally suits wwx's idyllic farm life dream with his husband
did some studies of li ziqi's videos and now i want to make a whole series of wangxian retired life because that is totally their aesthetic and you know lwj would be the type to meticulously make anything from scratch while wwx farms and hunts ;A; 
 Genuinly and surprisingly relaxing: Primitive technology 
 Liziqi, harry ware, fe101
 Ria sw, Nessie judge, liziqi
i just found out about Liziqi??? and this is what i've always wanted to live like??? i swear i'll work hard to get the life i want kdkfsjs
 You’re watching Liziqi on youtube too?
I was able to discover a new YouTube channel. Ang quality ng mga contents. Additional to my Chinese fave Youtuber, Liziqi and Danxi Xioge. 
crimes my sister has committed against me personally: - dating white boys - disliking all bunnies (except flora) - not liking cats....wtf - ignoring the liziqi vid i put on that the rest of my family sat down to watch .
Liziqi brought a peaceful to my soul ❤ 
Hiding in YouTube watching Asian lifestyle videos by and many more. Also, watching Airy TV online and watching classic (Doctors 1-4).
 cozy-aesthetics: 李子柒 Liziqi || The best food for summer——Many kinds of jam. 
 omg liziqi’s videos are literally the best
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS BOOTLEG LI ZIQI.
Can i just live here and live my life like Liziqi? 
i luv liziqi sm
liziqi im just not feeling you, dianxi xiaoge you're my gal
liziqi is the cottagecore life i STRIVE for but im too weak for country living
 Cooking videos reciped i like liziqi channel
 Hijacking this convo to promote my queen liziqi ☝ 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 Samedt  Live like Liziqi
 This video reminds me of liziqi channel from youtube
 another girl to learn liziqi
Li Ziqi is my lifestyle influencer now.
although most of our interactions have been via gc which is wildly colorful enough that i am often lost, i feel bonded bc of love for liziqi which is a kind of bond that is i think simple, clean, strong just like her.
 Oh man I love Li Ziqi, but I would also love to be followed around by a cameraperson all day while I made stuff.
 - ba test kitchen - those “survival” accounts where they build wild pools with their hands and malaysian dirt - liziqi soothing videos (ESPECIALLY her videos)
 I presume you know Li Ziqi? Go vicarious on obsessing and making things from scratch.... 
Overall, I’m just tired. I don’t care about democrats, republicans, partisan this, partisan that. A this Q that. Fake shit here, real shit over there, jk that’s fake too. Everything just ends up being the same. Maybe I should pull a Li Ziqi. But I wouldn’t survive for shit.
No, we’re talking shit about you in Kakao Talk and binge watching Liziqi videos 
Mother’s Day gift arrived! Living wood cutting board just like Li Ziqi ❤️ 
watched 2 of liziqi's vid and it smashed straight onto my face that im an all around talentleSs person.
 I watch Liziqi’s videos, they are the most relaxing thing to me. And I think you would appreciate them too  
Main goal in life is to move to a small Chinese or Japanese village and then become Liziqi, god herself
Behind the scenes with Li Ziqi, the mysterious Chinese internet celebrity with 58 million fans | South China Morning Post 
I can't stop watching liziqi
 Liziqi, Oversimplified, Kubz scout, jacksepticeyes, cover-cover Utauloid, Bill wurtz history
My boyfriend asked me to watch Liziqi's video on yt.. She can cook, and makes a lot of things from scratch.. I don't know what is his intention, but I can make an unsuspicious question of why-do-you-want-me-to-watch-it from scratch 
Modern life can be busy, even overwhelming. Li Ziqi shows another way of living, where human and nature can coexist in harmony. This is how she makes traditional Chinese dishes with fresh flowers!   
time to watch liziqi to fall asleep 
 im imagining a li ziqi-style video of a recipe for carbonara that starts with forging raw iron ingots into pots and pans
 move in w liziqi she could make u bubble tea and ramen from scratch
 I love the vibe that she has! I also really love this Youtuber called Liziqi, her dedication is just on another level
 ooh share, I love li ziqi, but I would love to see other folks.
Thank you for the pointer to Li Ziqi. Amazing!
 OMG do you watch Liziqi also?? I love her channel. It's soo relaxing and soothing to watch. The scenery is just exceptional ughh
Nino’s Home and LiZiQi are literally the most relaxing channels on youtube
 KJJJFFG I THOUGHT ABOUT ADDING THE INDIAN GUYS TOO i just didnt know how to phrase it and yeah liziqi is great even tho i haven't binged her stuff in a while.. i probably should it's so calming
The reclusive food celebrity Li Ziqi is my quarantine queen 
Thank you, Lizi Qi for creating wonderful videos 
Liziqi and haegreendal saved my life 
I have found a new hero in this quarantine and her name is Li Ziqi 
 Sama-sama, kev! But, if you want an absolute gardening channel (and how to make those harvests reserved without a waste) check channel account: LiZiQi - 
Watching Liziqi cooking a lot of cuisines from pumpkin is soothing.
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 I got my frozen dinner freshly made at the supermarket everyday. Just class all the way. That Li Ziqi girl on YouTube that grow and cook like my grandparents in Pudong must have learn this in HK. Where do we get these dumb dumbs?
If you don’t know who Liziqi is pls watch her vids on YouTube. She’s living in Eve’s Garden ❤️ And why I love they way she’s living. 
Sometimes, I feel like I want to live like Liziqi
 Right? Such talent, and usually v soothing music. Recently got into liziqi videos tho 
During the lockdown I’ve become addicted to these videos by Li Ziqi. Here’s one in which she starts with indigo plant seeds and makes clothes and bedding from hand-dyed fabric. I feel so unaccomplished. 
man whatever. *watches liziqi vids to cope*
 I love Li Ziqi and I will fight anyone who trash talks her! She is *badass*.
I am sure I am not the only one who can watch videos on a loop. Her life seems so endearing, romantic...even hard. But it makes you feel that her village is part of a different Earth. Any here? 
Li Ziqi made a dress by hand and dyed it with GRAPE SKINS 
Li Ziqi making her own ink, brushes, and paper will completely blow your mind 
lowkey wanna have a life like liziqi's someday
 Wow indeed. That was shitty of them. After I go subscribe to Li Ziqi, I’m going to block . 
An outcome of the current tl is that I discovered who Li Ziqi is and will be consuming her work now.
 My fave is liziqi. From there it's pretty much a rabbit hole 
 (... well, I'll stand up for any other women, but I will not stand up for Li ziqi. She is actually the only fake female maker I know.)
 I have no doubt Li Ziqi is for real. There is no doubt her shooting style comes from doing everything on her own. Take a look at a few wilderness expedition shows, and you can always easily tell who of the guys are out there on their own, and who has a film team behind them.
 Oh I love Li Ziqi's channel. Every step of her builds and recipes is filmed! Her critics must think there is some clever deception going on somewhere.
 I dont understand how they can question Li Ziqi. She clearly shows competence in everything she does in the vids. You cannot fake the surety of her movements. Im sure her grandma is also an actor according to these assholes. Competent women arent unicorns yall think we are.
Constantly amazes me how people just can't believe Asian women can Do Things also anyone who comes for Li Ziqi: i am watching you
li ziqi is there too time to binge watch her videos like the starved woman i am
Vlogger Li Ziqi, whose life choices are indicative of the recent change in attitudes to priorities and lifestyles in society, has done precisely that. You can subscribe to her channel 李子柒 liziqi on . 
Everyone's turning into Liziqi
 i love Liziqi videos, this is hilarious  I tried the hardest cooking tutorial ever (ft. Liziqi)  
 For youtube, my go-to channels are Jun's Kitchen, Adam Ragusea, Binging with Babish, Food Wishes, Alex French Guy Cooking, and 李子柒 Liziqi 
LIZIQI HAS A TIWTTER ACCOUNT YEEEESSSSSS
 Yes liziqi queen
anyway I'm gonna watch Liziqi on YouTube now 
mesmerizing stuff here: Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
wish li ziqi was my wife and we made bamboo furniture together
 Liziqi's channel has a lot of great traditional crafts and skills, if you haven't seen it yet... 
Foo the Flowerhorn 
 wait why I didn't know liziqi got twitterrr 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 Life where im from kaget bgt Shin sm Aiko dah gede :'') nonton salah satu dari ini (Liziqi, Architectural Digest, Living Big in a Tiny House, Yit, The School of Life) juga tida?
 oh! yeah i've seen her. liziqi is good unfortunately we don't have thicc enough bamboo to make furniture but i bet there are still some uses for them. if the quarantine goes on long enough i will have to start making bamboo mats or something lol
 Li Ziqi's factory. One quilt per day maximum. Unless I go help in July 2020, then we can make 1.5 a day. Do you like my idea Ziqi? I’m an old horse, I can't compete with you, but can work with you.
 Business works in mysterious ways. Let’s start with Li Ziqi: 
PS iF you like 's lifestyle channel, i think you will like this one too (quite a great copy format wise) . Lovely! (it is called 'traditional me') 
oh no i have one more: watch liziqi on yt
 Liziqi. The most therapeutic calming videos you’ll ever watch
 Matt stonie, liziqi, dharni, storror, foo the flowerhorn, awkward since birth, the daily dropout
 I'm glad you discovered Liziqi! She really heightens the value and dignity of everyday life, and makes me tired just watching her (tired... but also inspired!)
 Liziqi videos are so beautiful! And there's also American and Irish versions of the Baking Show, as well as a kids version!
 For more British cooking, there's Mary Berry's Foolproof Cooking on tubi. For serene ( beautiful) domestic distractions check out YouTube channels for The Elliott Homestead, P Allen Smith or the exquisitely filmed creations of Chinese blogger Liziqi. Have fun exploring/binging!
Been watching this liziqi channel and man this lady is so talented. She just does everything herself
If i have to live like Liziqi, i might complain with all those hard work but i wouldn't mind. Eating the food you grow yourself is the best thing ever
It was only a matter of time before the YouTube algo introduced me to Li Ziqi ~ the vid in the article was my first Her entire shtick is mesmerising ( erstaz? Who knows) but it's close to the life hip urbanites have dreamt of since 2006..do watch 
game grumps, liziqi, and the ba test kitchen. The holy trinity of youtube enjoyment.
 Okay...convex...that would be a bedstone, which would not have a hole. What's the aprox diameter? There are smaller hand turned mills. Li Ziqi uses one in her videos from time to time, but it's maybe 15-18" across. The top stone (the "runner") has a feed hole turn stick hole.
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Anyone else know liziqi? She’s such an inspiration ❤️
Li Ziqi's videos are such a gorgeous breath of tranquility, despite the fact that I rarely have any idea what the hell she's doing. I want to live in the misty mountains, eat flowers with chopsticks, somehow wear both bangs and capes unpretentiously.
 Aaaa Mina I've been watching Liziqi and I think I'm hooked! Thank you so much for the recommendation dear!
 there’s two, my girl is: haegreendal and my mums is: liziqi x
just discovered today that li ziqi vids are in wetv
 i recommend li ziqi's cooking vlogs it's like being put in an emotional sleeper hold
i cant stop watching liziqi
Watch the incredible Liziqi make amazing furniture from scratch. ️ 
 Chinese girl. Liziqi
 hellz yeah liziqi rules
Liziqi YouTube channel one of the best  it’s so relaxing ‍♀️
 Motivating is surely what I need at the end of a long day, specially right now working from morning 'til night. I recommend Liziqi's daily life videos! They're my treasure, even if they're Chinese you don't even need subtitles they're beautiful.
 Have you tried to watch liziqi on YouTube... Chinese girl, living with her grand Mother in the nature.... It's beautiful and heartwarming
drinking coffee with my cat beside me early in the morning while watching a liziqi video is peak serenity
 liziqi is real no thoughts head empty hours bc it reminds you no matter how much thoughts head full you are you will never be able to do everything she can, effortlessly while looking like a princess
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
if you can't sleep, i think you should watch liziqi's channel on youtube. it works for me
 Omg I am obsessed with watching Li Ziqi. Truly the most calming and beautiful videos of rural China on the farmland. She's absolutely incredible and creates the most fascinating videos. No talking just beautiful scenery, calming music, gorgeous landscaping. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
 Goodnight Moon. She does very atmospheric and creative Asmr (which I know isn't for everyone, but then again, nothing is). Especially her Babblebrook series deserves a lot of love. Also Girl In Calico, Jonna Jinton and Liziqi and of cojrse both of your channels 3
 if u like liziqi u shld check out dianxi xiaoge too
 Li Ziqi: Vlogger who amazes world with China's countryside life 
I truly did not think my late twenties would be defined by getting stoned and watching liziqi videos every day and yet and yet and yet
 I also like Liziqi, the farming and cooking and lack of direct conversation with the camera is really refreshing.
Li Ziqi is amazing too. Everything about her videos are pretty! Her hut, her homemade make up, her dresses, robes and capes. How she braids her hair and rides horses to pick flowers. It feel so surreal. Very ethereal. It's like watching a perfect fairy tale life.
I've been watching a lot of videos from Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. They're my favourite Chinese Youtubers. Dianxe Xiaoge is more relatable to me. Her simple kampung life is so appealing and I love her dog Dawang. 
 if you like Liziqi then you might also enjoy Kimi, a korean YTer with 460k followers. Kimi has the same vibes ad Liziqi 
Some painting studies of some frames from one of my favorite Youtubers 李子柒 Liziqi ...kind of a nice way to just sort of blob colors together and see if you can match the picture. . . . … 
Li Ziqi, One of the biggest Chinese internet influencer, has 10.1M Youtube subscribers and 21M Weibo followers. It's rumored that her annual income is 160 million RMB. There is 0 ads in her video. ZERO. 
 Liziqi. She’s rad and makes me want to be a homesteader until I remember that I’m lazy.
You can tell when I've been watching too much Liziqi bc my wishlist fills up with earthenware and shabu shabu pots and wood basins and garden beds and seed packets
Watching liziqi is satisfying esp in this time.
 Girl you should watch Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. It’s just harvesting and cooking omg I love
 You guys, roots and refuge, wild wonderful off grid, liziqi, and weed em and reap are my absolute go to!!
 but for ENCHANTING and RELAXING you have to watch Liziqi! She is just  on a whole another level! 
Liziqi, everything from scratch, including make up.
 I absolutely LOVE Liziqi's channel!
Li Ziqi: Vlogger who amazes world with China's countryside life 
 she should be rich what she got LiZiqi anak sholeh
"Most people today are facing tremendous stress in work and life, so I hope they can feel relieved and remedied when watching my videos." - Li Ziqi Emg cocok buat cooling down 
Li Ziqi: Vlogger who amazes world with China's countryside life 
 
 You would ADORE Li Ziqi 
 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. Rural Chinese cooking. It is so calming.
 MorganDrinksCoffee (she was on tiktok and just recently made a channel. She is funny and really good at making coffee) Liziqi (she makes these really cinematic videos of her working on her farm and how she makes things with what she grows. It’s also great inadvertent ASMR)
 PLEASE check out Li Ziqi, she's the queen of slow life 
 Liziqi!! She makes everything by hand and it all begins with its harvest from the ground!! Clothes from cotton, soy sauce, jam, ice cream EVERYTHIng!!!
I have a new aspiration to buy a very big plasma TV so I can watch Kittisaurus, Liziqi, and EXO Concert Video on my wall. 
liziqi and dianxi xiaoge are my new favorite youtubers like cmon
is there a Li Ziqi video where she grows weed
After releasing a short video on April 27 about planting and cooking peas, food blogger Li Ziqi witnessed her followers on surpass 10 million. 
started watching li ziqi's vids on youtube and im addicted but also like idk 7/8ths of the ingredients she's pciking and using im that dumb
After releasing a short video on April 27 about and peas, food blogger witnessed her followers on surpass 10 million. 
China YouTube star Li Ziqi amazes the world with countryside life 
China YouTube star Li Ziqi amazes the world with countryside life 
 Watch a liziqi video every night before bed. So calming 
Watching Liziqi is probably the most calming activity ever 
Only things keeping me from going sicko mode in lockdown: Li Ziqi YouTube channel and Justin gaethje fight week
Li Ziqi: Vlogger who amazes world with China's countryside life 
I would die for Li Ziqi.
ofc Liziqi is a v cool channel to check out too. V cool aesthetic, her editing style I find to be more idyllic, but that's also very nice too 
Li Ziqi, who shot to fame with short videos recording her traditional and idyllic lifestyle in China's countryside, has ranked among the most popular Chinese-language content creators on social media platform Youtube. 
 is serene, industrious and full of grace. This is so beautiful. I am a huge fan of this woman who spins her own wool to weave a cloak. She will harvest her crops and make heavenly dishes. She makes furniture of hand chopped bamboo. Amazing 
liziqi's videos just ignite the need inside of me to have a farm and live there with my wife and pick berries and flowers for her everyday
 I watch LiZiqi’s videos. After twenty minutes of watching her go about her life, I forget why I am anxious.
Support LiZiQi on YouTube! You will found out that she is such a amazing person in your life. She literally just makes me happy all the time. 加油李子柒❤ 
Amazing Liziqi 2020 Cooking Video - Unique Taste and Delicacy Recipes 
 and also Liziqi, and Mojo Travels. Seriously, Liziqi is some of the best cinematography I've ever seen. All of these are pretty fun though.
Li Ziqi, who shot to fame with short videos recording her traditional and idyllic lifestyle in China's countryside, has ranked among the most popular Chinese-language content creators on social media platform Youtube. 
, a Chinese vlogger recording China's countryside life, saw her YouTube followers surpass 10 million after posting a short video about planting and cooking peas on April 27. 
, a Chinese vlogger recording China's countryside life, saw her YouTube followers surpass 10 million after posting a short video about planting and cooking peas on April 27. 
Li Ziqi pls marry meeeeee, my fairy princess
One of my favorite Youtube Channel and also a wonderful female role model - highly skilled, self-sufficient, wholesome Liziqi, a chinese woman showing beautiful videos of her cooking caring for nature.  
Whenever I can’t sleep, I watch LiZi Qi’s videos. Beautifully filmed (by her) interesting, and strangely calming. Granny is sweet too.  If you don’t already watch Liziqi on YT and need some relaxation/escapism, I highly recommend her channel! Beautiful, calming thing of the day 
Li Ziqi, the famous chinese foodblogger on YouTube 
Jesus. Is there anything Liziqi CAN’T do??? Grabe naman diz gurl, parang ansarap mamuhay kasama sya haha. Guys, subscribe to her yt channel and watch all of her videos!!! Super lit! Just thank me later. hihi  
i love liziqi vids but i wish i knew what she was making half the time
Therapy: expensive Liziqi: free
How Li Ziqi is Like The Tiger King, from ⁦⁩ 
Liziqi Tasty - The Most Beautiful Flower recipe | Facebook 
we've been gathering in the living room watching li ziqi for hrs every day, I swear that woman can do everything including keep an entire household sane
the reclusive food celebrity li ziqi is my quarantine queen: 
Lifestyle Li Ziqi has become the first Chinese-language account to amass more than 10 million subscribers on , although this platform remains blocked in China since 2009. 
OMG YES!!! Finally a Baumgartner and Liziqi enthusiast! FRIENDS NA TAYO FORVER PLS
Non MewGulf related but for people having trouble falling asleep these are Youtube channel/video that helps me - Baumgartner Restoration (he does ASMR but I prefer his narrated videos cause ASMR gets me squeamish) - Liziqi (her contents and cinematography are amazing) (1/2)
someone make a liziqi edit LOL
liziqi pls be my wife
being my fav youtuber  Jonna and Liziqi  living freely, surrounded by nature while doing what you love and creating artistic content that moves people's hearts and calms people's minds
istg if i had the skills liziqi had even i'd take my grandma to the country side and live with her there in peace
watching liziqi's videos is rly a type of self care
Watching Li Ziqi videos are so calming
I hope Disney will create a princess that inspired liziqi. This girl is cool in so many level. 
Me after watched Liziqi's videos. 
Okay but like what cant Li Ziqi do? Girlie even know how to dj 
Some fans wonder how Li Ziqi’s videos ended up on YouTube as the platform remains blocked to Chinese users 
Therapy is expensive but Li Ziqi's videos are free
 Oh my bad, thats on Liziqi channel 
okay i love liziqi y’all shes amazing so check out her videos on yt 
Prolific pastoral-life vlogger Li Ziqi has reached 10 million followers on YouTube; and various levels of the Chinese government have opened a total of 17,380 accounts on Douyin, China’s TikTok version. Here’s more the week’s news in numbers: 
between watching Liziqi videos playing Animal Crossing I’ve gained a lot of insight on surviving off the land in cute aesthetics
 I like liziqi. I love to watch she cook.
 yes. Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge best channels hahaha
i see your yt!lwj-as-junskitchen aus and raise you married-wangxian-as-liziqi.
Watching Li Ziqi before I sleep  what a queen
This was an area I actually planned out beforehand--it's based off Liziqi's rustic cooking videos 
I had not know about Liziqi's youtube channel before and now I'm just binging ALL of it??? It's so good!!! She's so cool!
 Hi, I usually just watched relaxing YT videos to help me in my anxiety. Recently i've been watching Liziqi Dianxi Xiaoge. Their videos are about living in country side area, it's peaceful. You can try it. Here are the links. 
Li Ziqi quickly becoming an international celebrity Amasses 10 million subscribers on YouTube Praised online for promoting Chinese culture 
 Have you checked out Dianxi Xiaoge and/or Li Ziqi? They're both Chinese women who do these rural village slice-of-life videos, preserving meats, or making tofu by hand or weaving dresses from hand-spun wool yarn.
 inspired kitchen :) 
Liuzhou "Luosifen": Slurpy, Spicy, and Absolutely Satisfying | Liziqi Channel 
I can binge watch Liziqi videos forever. 
You may watch Liziqi channel.
Li Ziqi is terrific, but check out Zhang Dayong doing various farm chores. 
I just discovered Liziqi on youtube and wow I'm in love...her videos are just so soothing and I'm lowkey envious of the way she lives
 I can’t help it I’m writing a Li Ziqi poem sequence
How is Li Ziqi, the YouTube phenom who posts idyllic videos of rural life in China, like the Tiger King? They both make life a thrilling adventure. More nonrequired writing. 
Ik wil wonen in the mountains liziqi style
 i just binge watched all is liziqi’s vidoes it’s honestly so calming
Until a couple of days ago I had somehow not watched any of Li Ziqi’s videos before and now frankly I can’t watch anything else 
I just love how when Liziqi decides to cook something, she starts by growing the ingredients like two seasons ahead. 
 As a Chinese, Li Ziqi is the single girl who disgusting me so much among the billions of Chinese women, Why? Not for her planting vegetables or cooking Chinese food, but for her troditional ancient Chinese dress that is so artificial and affected to me!
For the post on 'V', I talk about VLOGGING and my current 4 favourites during this lockdown - , , and 
But have you heard of Li Ziqi?
and what if yoongi becomes a korean li ziqi...... just uploading videos of his sweet pastoral life, picking strawberries and building furniture outside from scratch... what will we do then
 Damn, that would be cool if they made it like those liziqi videos.
 I would legit buy the Sims just for the Li Ziqi pack
» "The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen" - The New York Times 
 China has grown against Trump aggression, have you seen Liziqi? 
 oops I meant--liziqi??
Nigella is for the boys. Real men watch Liziqi. And if this is what Chinese propaganda looks like, bring it on. 
 I love liziqi ❤
nct dream as chinese food based youtubers my parents r obsessed with jeno - liziqi renjun - wang gang jisung - xiao gao jie chenle - chao xiao chu
I would do anything to become liziqi’s wife
these chinese farming and cooking videos from my new diety Liziqi make me foodsob 
 thank you bebe!! The liziqi one huhu immediately subscribed gotta love the content
 i have recos ate hehehe - liziqi (!!!) - makoccino - micarah tewers - jenn im - kennedy walsh 
Oh, , I don’t know whether to thank you or curse you for introducing me to these videos - they’re like ASMR for foodies! I’ve already watched four of them and no signs of stopping. "The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen” 
A mesmerizing soundtrack and lessons in cooking Chinese meals from scratch in a Sichuan village. article by here: 
i genuinely wish i lived similarly to Liziqi.
Is Li Ziqi making the food of the past — or the future? loved this story 
 I love haegreendal, her vlogs are so soothing when i need a calming moment to myself! Liziqi videos are always inspiring with her "fairy in the forest" aesthetic. There's also sueddu, cardsu, ondo, and seungahne. I love asmr ambience videos too like asmr soupe miracle forest.
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 Do yourself a favor and watch Li Ziqi's videos on YouTube they're so good
Want to learn some of 's great ? It might not be as difficult as you think! ‍ 
Congrats!!  
tonight's mental breakdown caused by farmer, cook, builder, seamstress, caregiver, youtuber, li ziqi
 Repair Shop, Portrait Artist of the Year, Vicar of Dibley and my fiancé is currently obsessed with a Chinese food and country life blogger called Li Ziqi.... it's oh so relaxing 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
wow i didn't expect “liziqi has over 10 million overseas fans” is trending on weibo. i'm proud to be one of her international fans❤️❤️ 
Li Ziqi, one and only quarantine queen, embodies her pastoral self-reliance. It's soothing souls and awaking people's inner worlds. More so, when the danger and fragility of the industrial food system is laid bare.
wonderful life of 
 apparently you were cheated by the video of Li Ziqi.there is no such peasant ，no such countryside，no such dressed woman，no such village house in China.they don't live like that.they don't cook like that.they even don't pick vegetables like that.
it bothers me a lot when I'm on Li Ziqi's videos and there will be all these comments primarily from white people calling her a Disney Princess, an Empress, a Goddess, Mother Nature. Like, she's a normal Chinese human woman who just happens to be really good at what she does.
“Her D.I.Y. pastoral fantasies have become a reliable source of escape and comfort.” Personally I love to watch her video on YouTube, check her channel “Li Ziqi”.
Melkmeisje by Vermeer ca. 1660 compared to a (slightly enhanced) Youtube screenshot from the video “So ...it goes like the life of peas!” by Liziqi from April 28th 2020. Not the same but similar, beautiful composition coincidence. 
so happy ale showed me Liziqi’s youtube channel
Who/what do you all watch on youtube?? I need new content! I enjoy funny or peaceful stuff like Jenna Marbles or Liziqi (so talking or not talking is fine)
 we could watch liziqi and other calm, pretty stuff on youtube and it would be Nice. that's my stance
Liziqi serving Babushka vibes... 
i want what liziqi has
I made my mom watch a few liziqi videos, now she can't stop talking about her lol
I love Liziqi youtube channel. I would really love to live like her. In nature, making everything from scratch. It's hard work but also so peaceful.
You don't need to speak a word of Chinese to be mesmerized and inspired by the fascinating videos produced by Li Ziqi on gardening, cooking, and more. Produced in her hometown of rural Pingwu, Mianyang, Sichuan. Topic: Garlic 
One of my favorite vloggers- this woman lives in rural China and vlogs how she farms and cooks in the traditional ways of her ancestors. Her outdoor kitchen is amazing. 李子柒 Liziqi 
 i love both..but most liziqi..this is her new release 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen - The New York Times ⁦⁩ Promoting PROPAGANDA!  
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Peas of mind: Watching a video by Li Ziqi, the YouTuber who lives in rural China and grows her food and cooks them for the camera, is like a visual and audio meditation. Here she shows the amazing range of dishes you can make from peas. 
i want what liziqi has
 Aha are you kidding me? Do you know how YouTube is divided? Do you know Li Ziqi's business model？
 STOP I DIDNT THINK OF THIS XD li ziqi wizard..
if u don’t watch liziqi ur missing out
Li Ziqi easily racked up millions of watchers on youtube after becoming an internet phenomenon on Chinese social media, she is emblematic of china's idyllic life in rural China, albeit the real rural life is not even close to her interpretation.
 I followed you because of your article about Li Ziqi in the New York Times. Thank you for letting me examine her from the perspective of someone from another country. I'm also studying her, preparing to make a video about her
Meet Li Ziqi, the Chinese internet celebrity famous for her D.I.Y. pastoral fantasies. Just a few decades ago, most people in China were farming for survival. Now they're doing it for the gram. 
I showed them once and since last year my whole family always put liziqi videos on tv over dinner
the way li ziqi grabbed that smol snake god i wish that was me the snake
Who is Li Ziqi (李子柒)? FULL STORY 
youtube notification: liziqi uploaded a new video me: 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celebrity 
Watching Liziqi videos like damn, this bitch vertically integrated
 Liziqi! Absolutely beautiful countryside and great production
 Li Ziqi! Watching her videos is SO calming and relaxing as well! I envy her lifestyle AND cooking skills ❤️
Exclusive: Behind the scenes with Li Ziqi, China’s most mysterious internet celebrity 
Li Ziqi‘s hometown is in Sichuan, Pingwu County. Also known as "The home of Pandas" because it has the highest wild panda concentration in China and contains a large piece of the new Giant Panda Nat. Park. This is what it looks like! 
I don’t think I could live in such a nice place like this in my rest of life. But I’ll just pretend that my soul is always there Just follow liziqi on YouTube Her videos would never disappoint you 
I’m actually really emotional this morning. Kelsey’s grandfather (who calls me one of his granddaughters) is leaving us after 7 weeks to go live with his other daughter for a while and we’re watching Li Ziqi’s videos together and all I want to do is cry bc I’m so attached to him
WH when did li ziqi get back AAAAA *slams watch button*
Liziqi: *uploads a new video* my aspiration to-live-a-simple-life-on-the-country-side self: 
Just another satisfying yet full efforts content from Liziqi ... 
Have i told yall Li Ziqi has my utmost respect 
niche things i would like to be: Li Ziqi’s grandma, who has a wonderfully skilled granddaughter to feed her amazing home-cooked food w ingredients fresh from their farm/gardens
Does anyone know Liziqi here? Her channel is so popular on YouTube! She's also loved by more than 20 million fans in China.❤️❤️❤️ 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Just submitted an article for a peer-reviewed journal, while all that I want is to live like Liziqi. Yay, I guess. 
but also! new liziqi video....!!!!!!!
Love 1 hour ago liziqi hehehe 
Omg liziqi released a new video
 But she's just a wannabe liziqi tho
Who else watches on YouTube? 
wake up to see li ziqi has a new video about peas. what a good way to start the day
 liziqi is iconic.... i want to live like her... but thanks for the other recs!! definitely checking them out
Liziqi just made crispy cakes, omelette, tea, etc, from Magnolia liliflora. While I am here waiting to savor my street gorengan that are probably fried with minyak jelantah for buka puasa.
Sampled Laotai Arui's, Liziqi's videos. Arui's r very practical rich in its simplicity. Liziqi's r like  she lives like it's still the era of Siluman Ular Putih! How could she live like that? How's it possible? Who is she? Where does she get that gorgeous red fur coat?
i have watched every single li ziqi video in the past 2 nights
The reclusive food celebrity Li Ziqi is my quarantine queen - Baltimore Sun 
 He should lead the commune, or maybe 
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS BOOTLEG LI ZIQI.
（采野菜）If You Miss the Best Days to Pick Wild Herbs, You’ve Missed the Entire Spring |Liziqi Channel 
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
 What would you do?, liziqi (her videos are so peaceful to watch) , crime daily, some food videos, HANSE (asmr drink making videos)
 YES IT IS LIZIQI!!!! UR MIND
 the pic wont load but if its liziqi i agree
 The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen - The New York Times 
 The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen - The New York Times 
If y’all don’t know Liziqi yt channel, y’all should watch her videos and subscribe~ her content is amazing beautiful 
Farmer. nellybuchet nellybuchetbooks . . … 
So this video called the life of chilli? chopped chili fish head,red oil sheet jelly| Liziqi Channel 
La liziqi tiene Twitter I feel blessed
 Liziqi pleaasee 
Living life like Li ziqi is so damn my greatest dream
Also happy that bamboo shoots have popped up at the market recently. Drying inner sheaths (as seen in a Li Ziqi video), but not sure what I will do with the bamboo shoot itself yet (last week I made bamboo japchae). 
The reclusive food celebrity Li Ziqi is my quarantine queen - Morning Call 
gonna do like a traditional / “liziqi” style kitchen for my house bc i can’t do that in real life
Damn that Liziqi is hypnotizing me.
All You Want to Know about Li Ziqi (李子柒) 
Ouh anddd i lovee watching cooking videos! By Liziqi! Tenang je..
 While the pic is indeed bleak, there are some genuine video stars that have gained audiences in the West, such as Dianxi Xiaoge, Liziqi and Chef Wang, who probably project more soft power abroad than all the official propaganda. I'd love to hear you talk abt them!
Part of the mission of Less is More Press is to simplify decolonize our lives. Its diff for each person culture: Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 And if u like really calming stuff I recommend liziqi
The reclusive food celebrity Li Ziqi is my quarantine queen - South Florida Sun Sentinel - Sun... 
 - one more thing! The cooking vloggers I mentioned to your student who asked about vlogging - Li Ziqi, Summer Kitchen and Dianxi Xiaoge. LOVE THEM.
I’ve been completely sucked into this visually stunning, utterly gorgeous world. Watch Li Ziqi’s videos if you want a reminder of beauty in the world. Thank you for introducing me to this ! 
The Reclusive Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 dear liziqi i hv seen your video in youtube and very much fascinate. U are great. If i hv chance to visit sichuan i would like to visit yr place and learn something fm u. Hope u will accept. Thanks
ALRIGHTY Y'ALL LETS SHARE WHAT MEDIA HAS BEEN KEEPING US SANE DURING THE Here is my 1. 2. Li Ziqi's youtube channel 3. Rewatching 4. Listening to 's rapture (2002 version in iiO) 5. 
 Tampopo, Jiro Dreams of Sushi, Channel Youtube Liziqi
Ustadz said everytime we recite subhanallah walhamdulillah walaillahailallah allahuakbar, we planted a tree in our own garden in heaven. I'M GETTING MY LIZIQI GARDEN IN HEAVEN
Li Ziqi depicts a gentrified and completely sanitized rural life in the Chinese countryside, but her escapist urban middle-class fans couldn’t care less. 
Meet Li Ziqi. The 29-year-old is one of China’s biggest social media stars. She has 22 million followers on the microblogging site Weibo, 34 million on Douyin, and another 8.3 million on YouTube (which is banned in China). 
Mine too. How 'bout you? The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
New York Times media ▶ The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Her videos are really peaceful to watch, how beautiful would life be to live this way  - 李子柒 Liziqi 
This is pure art and a balm for the uncalm soul. Liziqi's life is founded on respect for Nature, devotion to the land that births and sustains us and gratitude for her blessings. It is undoubtedly one of ceaseless toil, something this beautiful soul views as a sacred service.
Li Ziqi is by far my favorite person creating content on social media. It’s not even close. 
Secretly making bamboo baskets like liziqi 
 1. Light blue with red accents (lantern) 2. Red and black 3. LiZiQi 4. KFam FE Teal 5. Sky Blue Pink
 I will look those up. I love Liziqi so much! Thanks for the recommendation
 pls include weekly li ziqi updates!
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 asmr cooking/homestead : liziqi
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 yeah! I love Talasbuan, Liziqi, Fairyland Cottage, Rosina Espig, and Moon Rock
李子柒 Liziqi 
New career goal. To be 李子柒 Li Ziqi. Except for being male, and middle-aged, and gay, and periurban, and with time-saving kitchen appliances, and without raising my own food. So really, a gay male version of Sandra Lee.
In isolation, watching the soothing videos of Chinese food celebrity Li Ziqi can be a source of both instruction and escape 
Li Ziqi has been a favorite around our house for a long time. We often watch her videos to wind down before bedtime. 
Liziqi in Facebook. Twitter for thoughts that you don't want others to hear or talked about.
Liziqi, Xiao Xi's Culinary Idyll more. Get inspired by these imaginative cooks from around the world 
anyways i have been binge watching Liziqi since yesterday wth she's so precious????? haven't found peace like this ever since my first Baumgartner Restoration video HSBXHAH
Liziqi fairy  love her too
 One YouTuber I like a lot for their production value is Liziqi. Her videos from rural China, even from when she was doing everything her self are so mellow and beautiful. (and she's managed to keep her distinkt style when she got people to help)
We got a shoutout from in her piece about Li Ziqi! Check out our exclusive interview with the mysterious internet celebrity at 
 If you like liziqi you can also try dianxi xiaoge who is similar and has a malamute called Dawang 
If you wanna bless your eyes and calm your soul go watch Liziqi and Polin Lifestyle on Youtube.
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen - The New York Times 
Calling liziqi and dianxixiaoge’s videos communist propaganda is an insult to the hard work they’ve put into making their content
My top 3 channels for when i need to chill tf out are li ziqi, baumgartner restoration, and morgan donner
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Youtube channels to give you a sense of living during this time around: 1. Liziqi 2. Penji (dianxi xiaoge) 3. Zoe 조에 4. Ondo 5. Strictly dumpling 6. Jenna marbles' favorite tiktoks
just remembered that i have sevveral months of li ziqi videos i haven't watched so i have those as a little treat for myself tomorrow
 Liziqi got some garlic.  
COVID-ALERT: The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen - Global Pandemic News | - 
 My guilty pleasure is this woman named Liziqi, she lives in china and just makes shit by hand it's so interesting
Like her videos. Liziqi. Have you ever heard of her 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
A reliable source of escape and comfort. The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen. 
If you want escapist subsistence youtube vidoes Li Ziqi videos are way too dreamy to sustain the fantasy. Dianxi Xiaoge is what you're really after 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 lmao i can't look at the page w/o turning off my adblocker, they won't let me whitelist their site.... what are the other ones listed?? bc i adore Li Ziqi 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
If you need a break check out the meditative videos of Chinese internet sensation and her rustic lifestyle. You're welcome... 
By Tejal Rao via NYTimes : The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
and about Liziqi 
berita mengagetkan hari ini selain a cat lover that his whatsapp got hacked and now he is still missing (which is so bad this country REALLy went to be non-democratic), ternyata Liziqi juga punya haters
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen - The New York Times 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
imagine miss liziqi's strength???
Am the last one to know about Ms. Li or what? Pretty impressive..Something to strive for with my little victory garden.  Got the garlic in today. Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Liziqi is a perfect human being
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Thank you I love Li Ziqi so much. Love that you are writing about her!
I think someone in my building is watching li ziqi videos but it is very likely just in my head.
Tonight I learned Liziqi exists, and now I feel like the laziest, least useful person on the planet. Also, I want baby goats.
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Avoid crowds, and go spring outing nearby！丨Liziqi Channel 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
liziqi is the only thing keepin me going rn
wow on Li Ziqi is a balm, a salve, the written equivalent of a cumulus cloud drifting past the sun! 
If I’m ever stuck with 2dzn sweet potatoes, I have some idea how to extract the starch and use it to make noodles. Leave me alone in a lotus pond, and I know how to harvest and prepare the roots. Is My Quarantine Queen 
 liziqi is a lifestyle youtuber but her videos are mainly about food. she literally make food from scratch, also the videos are so relaxing. this is one of my favorite 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen ( - ) 
 Chea do you watch channel liziqi on youtube?
Liziqi one of the best contents on youtube 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
 : The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen In isolation, the D.I.Y. fantasy world of the Chinese YouTube star is a dreamy escape, and a lesson in self-reliance. 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
OMG! Someone wrote about Li Ziqi! I've been telling people about her videos for years now. 
 Totally up your alley. Monty Don and Li Ziqi!
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen - 
Watch the Li Ziqi youTube, her cooking is fascinating
 I'm hurt for Dianxi for being second fiddle to Liziqi. Hahaha. 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
I will read about Li Ziqi until I calm down. 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Mesmerising videos  The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
The Reclusive Food Celebrity Li Ziqi Is My Quarantine Queen 
Li Ziqi is ’s quarantine queen, making the long, arduous processes of cooking seem practical, meaningful and totally worthwhile 
I wrote about my one and only quarantine queen Li Ziqi, and how her pastoral self-reliance hits differently now, as the danger and fragility of the industrial food system is laid bare 
 LIZIQI!!! THE TASTE JUMPED FORTH!!!
-a thread of my favorite vloggers- Liziqi 
The behind the scenes of the Primitive Technology channels is probably hilarious. As soon as the guy draws a line with a stick, a dozen dudes totally run out with power tools to finish the project. In 2300, they'll marvel at how productive Li Ziqi was. 
 Omg, you watch Liziqi!!! I watch her and Dianxi Xiaoge. I’ve actually been able to cook some of the stuff they made.
Not quite done with ... staying calm with Li Ziqi flower tea 
LIZIQI HAS A FUCKING TIKTOK STFUUUU
Me: *following online class while watching Li Ziqi videos while posting on FB page while chatting* I'm ok! Anyone: *speaks* Me: SHUT TF UP HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO FOCUS IF YOU MAKE N O I S E why am i like this Ah 
Mine are: Liziqi - it’s about a woman’s rural life, cooking with stuff she grows Pick Up Limes - a positive/vegan lifestyle (though i’m not vegan, i adopt some lifestyle habits)
 Yum! Sounds like you’ve been watching Li Ziqi.
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Liziqi TV - Best Food For Summer | Facebook 
i been into Liziqi Channel on YouTube, babes has me ready to live a rural life. i always wanted to live on a farm , with and off the land
 you might like watching liziqi! she shows what seems to be traditional ways of harvesting materials to make food, furniture, dyes, clothing, just like a bunch of stuff 
I just discovered Liziqi... i feel like im watching a real life ghibli movie. Its so beautiful.
Stressed? Magnolia flower meditation, using food. 
 Liziqi thoughts 
Pengen banget dah nyoba hidup kek liziqi i think, a man would be very lucky to be with her. Cobaa dahh, you can see for yourself 
 Have you ever heard about 【李子柒 Liziqi 】？You can subscribe to her channel, i wish you will enjoy it ! She is real good at cooking! 
I’m so obsessed with Liziqi and Dianxi on YouTube. I love how they live such a humble and sustainable life in the province. They source everything they eat from their land, nothing goes to waste. Incredible.
 Some AC stuff lol (I'm a junkie, help!), this guy jon Harris who makes spiral images and I cant stop watching  and Liziqi... shes amazing.
LIZIQI AND I SHARE THE SAME BIRTHDAYYYY NDJDJDNDJ WHAT A BLESSINGGGG
Her name is Li Ziqi and she's the master of all trades. Her videos are really relaxing.
getting addicted to Li Ziqi! can make a deal with her already! this woman is a genius
aww i got my mom into liziqi and dianxi xiaoge vids 
I'm in love with Liziqi... 
i've been so immersed with this youtube thingy to cook a dish on different experience levels like an amateur, a home cook, and a food scientist. tbh there should be a liziqi level on that.
 Liziqi's YouTube channel
 Ah yes! I love Liziqi's videos so much! I'll definitely check out Junskitchen too. I really appreciate the recommendation peach 
Current Channel youtube fav 1. Haegreendal 2. Li ziqi 3. Meaningful minimal Drama: 1. When the weather is fine Film: 1. Little forest
To have the set of skills like liziqi would be a blessing
 SAME! if you're looking for more relaxing channels, i mostly watch "JunsKitchen" (cooking channel + cute floofy cats) and "Liziqi" (popular chinese blogger who cooks and crafts)! sooo chill and comfy
 Liziqi uses them in her videos
 I hope you're asleep already but for future times, liziqi videos are very calming (lots of nature sounds and you get to see food being made!) 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
（笋）Best Time of Year to Comsume Juicy and Tender Bamboo Shoots; Pick As Much As You Like|Liziqi 
 I watch Liziqi ( the food blogger ) and I love her ... however it seems to fall on who you are when u are born.. while we have that in America and other nations ... it is more extreme in China the rights are horrid for those who are considered unimportant
This is so random Why I think Jaejoong Liziqi will be a match 
Who here knows Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi? Aren't they the most relaxing YT channels ever???? Whenever i'm stressed out, I just watch their videos. Super effective! 
She's literally living the meets fairytale pastoral life simultaneously preserving ancient traditional crafts on camera. More than mildly obsessed with () for like 80 anthropological reasons. 
If you’re a fan of liziqi and dianxi, there’s another channel that pretty similar with both but halal version - laotai arui! Subscribe nowww
Looks so delcious!--Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
I just want to get stoned and watch liziqi videos all night.
I’m obsessed with this channel, Liziqi. Totally inspiring!!! Go check it out, you’ll enjoy it too. 
Li Ziqi vids are so high quality and makes me happy during circuit breaker. 
 I distract myself with anything I can. If doing something creative isn’t something you’re I the mood for, look up Liziqi on YouTube. She’s a Chinese vlogger who makes videos about making her food/clothes from scratch and they’re so aesthetically pleasing and calming.
my only solace is knowing LI ZIQI is thriving
Me watching Li Ziqi's videos before sleeping
I can’t watch Liziqi’s videos very often bc they HEAVILY trigger my “run away and live self-sustainably in the forest” instinct
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
WeTV wants to watch with you!Li Ziqi 
 Oh its ok ...my kitchen is smol too but i really like sweet unhealthy amount..cake cookies chocolate...ughhh love them all ...Liziqi? Ok ill check this..i think i heard this name before
Li Ziqi's pastoral life, do u want to live the same lifestyle with her? Actually, the beauty of China is more than that. someday，you can come here to feel the customs and beauty of China, we welcome the people from all over the world. 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Liziqi is the greatest youtuber of all time and possibly my hero 
the rest of my island is still unfinished but i want it to have li ziqi vibes...
getting a lil teary-eyed watching these liziqi vids
Liziqi, the archetype of a beautiful wife!
（笔墨纸砚）scholars four treasures– an Epitome of Thousands Years of Chinese Culture|Liziqi Channel - YouTube 
 Look up Liziqi on YouTube.
 Should watch some liziqi videos
liziqi's videos are just. they're just so. wow they're a blessing
do u guys also watch liziqi’s videos
 Also for muslim chinese cooking you'll get Laotai Arui. She is Hui ethnic from China. But for videography still Dianxi Xiaoge and Li Ziqi are the best!
 Watch also Li Ziqi, and Hunan Girl. Both Li Ziqi and Dianxi left their big city job to return to the warmth of family and village. Best decision they ever take!
Kumiss and Roasted Whole Lamb make you feel like paradise.| Liziqi Channel 
i would literally give everything up to live a life like liziqi
李子柒 Liziqi videos giving me life in this lockdown
 Dianxi Xiauge and Liziqi's channels are def my fav
Feel like pure shit just wish i was quarantined w liziqi 
A stan
if dongwan ever met li ziqi she would beat his ass so soundly, literally and metaphorically, and i'd pay to see it
 If you like these check out Liziqi. I think is doning some further work on this? 
Only tradwife I'm into is Li Ziqi
does liziqi look like twice mina to anyone else???
تغذية بصرية Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
 Shelter-in-place levels: - growing scallions in water on your counter - baking sourdough - Li Ziqi 
Physically I’m in New York but emotionally im in a li ziqi video
 please do a collab with Liziqi I’m begging you.
Li ziqi videos are literally so relaxing like honestly I'm just vibing
liziqi's videos, she keep me worm
every time i watch liziqi on youtube she ignites the "lesbian living in a cottage" dream of mine to 1000%
If you’re looking for something relaxing to watch on YT, check out .. she’s a Chinese food and country-life YT’er who makes these videos using basics foods traditional Chinese techniques. They’re magical.
 gonna watch it after done watching Li Ziqi's yt haha my soul has been cleansed watching her lifestyle nature
woah this is a real wonder woman Li Ziqi, I have mad respect for her..truly capable and she can do everything,she mastered so many skills in life for survival  Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 YouTube Liziqi channel , every night 
Picking Out Blooming Flowers to Make Aromatic Dew|Liziqi Channel 
 if im not mistaken, dia youtuber namanya liziqi 
you: animal crossing me: also animal crossing but also li ziqi we are not the same
THANKFUL to all the Chinese speakers who add English subtitles to Li Ziqi videos. You are my self-care
Kimchi is the best... However you make it. This video by Liziqi of her making kimchi. She is in the mountains and makes kimchi without seafood.
When hears there’s a new liziqi video.
my favourite thing to do rn is watch liziqi on youtube while playing animal crossing  it’s so peaceful  
Hey Makers, here's a rec for some youtube Slow TV! Watch Li Ziqi make furniture out of bamboo. so chill such Relax. 
do yourself a favor and watch a liziqi video today i swear it's going to make everything feel better
The queen of food and handcrafts on the internet may very well be Li Ziqi, a young woman from Sichuan, China. With intense focus and Herculean effort, she forages, crafts, and cooks in rural surroundings that resemble a fairy tale. 
 Try to channel my inner Liziqi 
I can't stop watching videos of liziqi and dianxi xiaoge, my chinese queens ♡
Watching Liziqi in 720p is good for your soul
Liziqi is an FF7 stan, in this essay I will... 
Liziqi bikin rose infused rice vinegar. Waw.
There are two constants in my friend group Liziqi videos Carole and Tuesday
liziqi brought the truly of asian women character flawlessly. Damn i love it. Adem liatnya. 
me, watching liziqi in the background: -glances back at laptop- oooo, brownies-- oh. ASHFK AJSHFSAJH F 
 Oh my gosh so have you seen Li Ziqi's videos because I am just. Imagining him in a charming house in the mountains, with a small sweet dog or three, dyeing wool and planting cotton and arranging flowers and making hearty soups
Liziqi is the best youtuber on the platform, no contest
Emotional and crying because the garlic in Liziqi's latest video look like little pretty jewels
 she's not korean but do you watch Li Ziqi videos? hers are insanely relaxing
yall think liziqi ever just says fuck it and has a hot pocket for dinner
Liziqi is living a life of goals. Seriously, her latest video has me drooling non-stop. Look at all the garlic. 
Wahhhh new upload by Liziqi!!!
 Look at this girl. Her name is Li Ziqi.Her works are full of Chinese style, very beautiful.She led a comfortable idyllic life. 
Fell into the Liziqi channel again. 
 
 Li Ziqi's message for you from the good and beautiful people of China. A country with this tip for fattening garlic bulbs, this many recipes for garlic, these knife skills? Has nothing to fear from a donut-eating gasbag like you. 
Her videos always has a calming effect  
i can finally watch the new liziqi video....!!!!!!!!!!
good news!!! liziqi uploaded a new video heh
Li Ziqi and her crew of 200 make another amazing meal for granny: 
li ziqi please smash me like cloves of garlic
Biiiiitch. My mom just become a Liziqi stan HAHAHAHAHA
sometimes u just gotta tune into liziqi on yt and fantasise abt making your own tofu in the remote chinese countryside for a while
Bener bener damai bgt liat channelnya LiziqiShe is also inspiring and good to almost anything 
WAIT!!! LIZIQI POSTED BYEE I'M GONNA WATCH MY WIFEY KKK
Liziqi is so wholesome. Go watch her vids in yt.
if liziqi's garlic video is the last thing i ever watch, i could die happy
How to be liziqi  
My favourite youtuber will propably always be liziqi!! her videos are so peaceful T3T i can fall asleep to them, get inspired to try new things, get hungry over her cooking, long for the countryside, forget everything and just LOVE AND ENJOY the moment 
I follow exactly two Chinese YouTubers. and Liziqi, two capable, hard working and very, very different young women. I have just about no followers, so this will do squat to their follower counts, but there you go. If anybody reads this, do check them out.
 My beautiful lady,Liziqi 
Binge watching Liziqi’s videos on youtube. So relaxing. Haha!
Liziqi is so soothing and fascinating to watch
How to make Salted Duck Egg Yolk Sauce（Chinese Mayonnaise）|Liziqi Channel 
 I believe the girl alex was talking about on the beast cast is Liziqi. So relaxing to watch, plus she has all the skills. 
There’s a youtuber named Liziqi who is essentially the penultimate tradwife. She lives off the land, taking care of her grandmother surrounded by puppies and sheep. Her videos are quite beautiful 
liziqi videos aka stardew valley irl
all i wanna do today is drink mimosas and watch liziqi videos
 just after I found out about Li Ziqi... 
If you're down on yourself for not being super productive during this lockdown/quarantine, this woman will make you feel 100x more useless... But.. Aesthetic 
Today I will exclusively think about Liziqi 
Hey mutuals, share with me your favourite, most relaxing and happy yt channels! (Not gaming related) Mine are Cooking Tree, which shows excellent recipes and is the only ASMR channel I follow, and Liziqi, whose life and cooking videos are deeply relaxing and cinematic! 
Eh come share your always watched YouTube cooking channels lah. I usually watched Marion’s and Cooking Ah Pa lol. And Liziqi’s one no way can follow lah her cooking  Others more like random search. 
i want to kinda switch my aestitics to copy liziqi and become of those cottage core lesbian leaving in the middle of the woods, acting all mysterious and pretty much self-sufficient but i will need huge piece of land for that to happen 
 I am! Just really unnerved like the giant baby I am  I ended up giving up, curling with a blanket, and watching Liziqi videos to cope? Thank you for asking, love ❤❤❤
 u should liziqi her vids r rly relaxing and beautiful
just took a pHaT ass nap now I'm watching liziqi trying to go back to sleep LMAO
 liziqi and dianxe xiaoge are my favourite channels to watch when i want to relax!!
 i like to watch videos by liziqi or asmr cooking on youtube fknenend
 That was me a week ago with a women named liziqi. Her videos are just so relaxing
hab any of u seen liziqi's garden
 Another man-made show like Li Ziqi,are you sure she is the real tea grower in such a colorful clothing working in the plantation?
my youtube history is just xiao zhan videos, mdzs album and liziqi videos 
The favorite soup of food lovers, all tastes in one jar—Fo tiao qiang吃货馋... 
 Maangchi William Gozali Gordon Ramsay Tasty Liziqi Cooking With Dog Pailin's Kitchen Marion's Kitchen
 When I can't sleep I watch this youtuber Liziqi and it works every time! 
Feelin moody. Might fool around and watch some Li Ziqi to make myself feel worse oops I mean *better*
 watch liziqi on youtube!!
every time I watch liziqi on youtube I feel like moving to the country side though I’d never look as graceful as her lmao
 Have you watched any liziqi on YouTube? She has an amazing cleaver.
This Li Ziqi video is so calming and aesthetically pleasing 
Current favorite youtubers:- 1. Mark wiens 2. Li ziqi Qualities : Unique content, positive approach, great editing on videos, very engaging, invariable consistency. 
 It is very likely that it's government propaganda but it's pretty, so have my views, Liziqi!
 I don't know if you've come across the YouTube channel of Liziqi, but this is borderline Liziqi bidness.
the liziqi potato video...unparalleled
Kittasaurus, Jaebeom, 크집사 and Liziqi are always on my youtube notif. 
She currently lives in the countryside of the Sichuan Province in Southwestern China. Li Ziqi was raised by her grandparents in the same home where she now lives with her grandmother. She was reluctant to speak to interviewers so not a lot is known about her personal life.
In an interview with Goldthread, Li Ziqi revealed that the purpose of her channel is to provide an escape from urban life and to teach people where their food comes from. 
 I suggest 李子柒, Liziqi. Her content doesn’t have English but doesn’t need it. It’s really soothing.
About a year ago today (as far as I can tell), I found one of the most creative YouTube channels ever. Introducing: Li Ziqi ( 
Just wanna live like that one girl on youtube. Liziqi
The fact that yushi and liziqi are my biggest crushes really says something about me.
li ziqi may actually be a propaganda op but I don’t even care she is perfect
 Strictly dumpling, Liziqi, Dianxi Xiaoge, Food ranger.
watching Li Ziqi youtube is such relaxing calming. No wonder, she have many subscribers around the world. If you check the comment section, there are many different languages.
 this music reminds me of liziqi
oh to be youtube star liziqi living on my gorgeous farm crafting a bamboo couch
Using bamboo to make some sophisticated old furniture——Bamboo Sofa|Liziqi channel 
Yutuban nonton Liziqi, Stardew Valley di iPad, barusan diracun Animal Crossing (Nintendo Switch courtesy of ) so it's clear that my stayathome theme is virtual farming 
and now he’s watching liziqi??? is he pulling a salma???
Li Ziqi is the most badass person I've ever seen 
 Have you learned how to preserve them or what to make out of them yet? I’m starting to become more interested in growing and preserving my own food but I don’t have the space  I just live vicariously through Liziqi videos on YouTube for now
 Your mom has good taste then! I always find everything Li Ziqi does so inspiring like!!! I'm in awe.
 In terms of relaxing channels I ADORE Li Ziqi's !!! It's always so well filmed with beautiful sequences and music and I just... devour them.
 Li Ziqi has a message for you from the good and beautiful people of China. One, can shear sheep with only gentle granny holding its collar, not upending, throttling it, cowboy fascist style. Two, make food from foraged blossoms for picnic. 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... Hope she can help you feel more relax. 
Wanna see a treasure of a YouTube channel? These videos from Liziqi are an absolute joy.  
Liziqi deserves her own reality show on Netflix ✨✨✨
peak boredom: marathoning liziqi's videos
 Liziqi, Tube Unique Wilderness
Liziqi is like a wife material to all of us. If I were given a chance and had all the resources I’ll probably do the same ^^
thanks twitter for introducing me to li ziqi. me and my parents have been binge watching her videos on youtube ever since
 this is amazing. btw pete, if you’re interested in asuka’s kanachantv, then you might be interested in the chinese youtube channel liziqi: 
If y'all never seen Liziqi on youtube, then I HIGHLY recommend. It may not be the genre for everyone, but her content is so fucking RELAXING to watch. Idk man, it's helped get me through the last two work days.
Liziqi vs. Dianxi Xiaoge: Similar idea, different style equally amazing. Read full here: 
 If Liziqi marry you. Don't forget to invite me. There are too many person want to marry her. Have a try( ^_^)／Good luck! I am a Chinese. I am proud of this.
 I enjoy Liziqi's videos...
also i’m watching li ziqi legend
 Uhm I don't know if I know her. Btw this is not that related but do u know liziqi? She's a Chinese woman who does vlogs in the countryside where she lives 
when Liziqi just strait up dumped all that chili flake in I felt that 
 U can try this too. Equally talented but this lady faced some hardship when young and now back to take care of her granny in kampung. 李子柒 Liziqi in youtube
If you're feeling anxious or can't sleep, watch videos by IvyKitchen아이비키친 ( 
Guys, Ik we’re stuck in our homes, unable to go outside. But Li Ziqi (a famous Chinese Youtuber) is calming me and my family down with her very relaxing videos. Those of you haven’t tried her out, should definitely do so! It almost feels like asmr to me! 
 I love li ziqi as well!!!!!! She’s like a forest goddess fjskshf
actually every single thing Liziqi did just put me to shame... I thought I have worked hard enough in my expertise area, waking up 20 hours straight until all over my back felt ache and then BAAAAM a pretty, talented, dedicated, passionate woman appears...
 She's amazing isn't she!??? Also DaWang is a big baby and deserves all the bones ❤️ May I suggest LiZiQi too? They have different styles but both are so calming and and eye opening ❤️❤️
 sape yg power2 please EXPOSE this egoistic bitch yg tak reti nk hargai org. as someone yg almost become her fans sbb li ziqi i feel so disgustedly disappointed.
 I think she tak suka deal dengan manusia thats why she quit her designer job and become farmer. . Org mcm dia jadi liziqi sudahla. Post aman2 tak payah respon langsung. She isnt the kind nak layan2 orang. Privatekan twitter for close contact and keep ig/fb open for audience.
 Then clarify awal2. Use header/pinned tweet. It’s natural for people to associate her with Li Ziqi bcoz the latter also forgo her life at the city to work at her farm. If this sister doesn’t want to be sustainable via vlogging her farming activities, it doesn’t hurt to clarify.
 There's a great channel on YouTube Li Ziqi 
 I didn’t know who she was. Only after scrolling her TL that I discovered she gained popularity through her farming. Too bad. She could’ve been like the Chinese vlogger Li Ziqi who showcases her rural life. It’s not only skills that attract ppl. But humility good manners too.
If you’re in need of beauty, nature, simplicity, creativity and relaxation today, enjoy watching Li Ziqi. 
 Li Ziqi on YouTube has breathtaking visuals and her videos are really relaxing and calming imo. And I’ve enjoyed the Great British Bake Off on Netflix because everyone is so nice to eachother and is just happy to be there! But def Li Ziqi if you just want some peace
If you’re in need of beauty, nature, simplicity, creativity and relaxation today, enjoy watching Li Ziqi. 
 If you want some good zen shit, check out Li Ziqi if you haven’t. She literally does everything from food, dresses, and furniture made out of bamboo in the country side of China. It’s amazing.
If I could switch lives with someone, I woud choose Li Ziqi. 
whole world : quarantine Liziqi : 
Study of one of the beautiful shots from a liziqi video ( 
 Angie you should watch some LiZiqi videos on Facebook or YouTube. I LOVE all the jars, baskets, and containers she uses.
We switched up the conversation. I ended up showing him vlogs of this Chinese lady who lives on a rose farm on a hill that I am obsessed with - YouTube channel called Liziqi and guess what guys? My dad and I got rose plants to create my own rose farm  
Just Started watching videos on YouTube.. She is leading an Amazing life with outmost passion Below is one best video but many more videos in her YouTube channel. 
Spent the afternoon playing in real life and never felt so blessed to be in nature. Now seriously contemplating the lifestyle. 
Just imagine living in Liziqi’s vlog right now♥️
 This is one of the things I love about Li Ziqi's video, except who am I kidding I love everything about Li Ziqi's videos
 My current youtube obsession: li ziqi
I just wanna remind my friends about Li Ziqi, the wonderful youtuber who lives in the Chinese countryside and makes the most beautiful and soothing vlogs of her going about her life gardening, farming, foraging, and cooking for her and her grandma
 From Japan: , Rhea Y . From China: Liziqi Not all over a million but they should be.
 Liziqi is a Chinese woman who you can watch farm and prepare meals and treats from her farm. Very calming an fascinating.
Watching Liziqi’s videos make me want to go live my life in a chinese countryside village that I’ve never been to
Joanna jinton wants to be liziqi so bad.......
 lets move to the part of china where liziqi lives so we can grow anything
Well ok, I'm done for the night. I could have mentioned many others, like the Chinese countryside food Youtuber Li Ziqi (entirely musical 
 Omg I love Liziqi! Her videos are so satisfying. Only problem is, I can't watch them hungry...
Binging Liziqi's channel to get rid my headache.
 Pls do a youtube video ala liziqi. I would watch it AND believe it 
I've just discovered Li Ziqi and I don't know how to feel. But I can't stop watching. 
 On YouTube Liziqi has playlists by season charting her make everything from her family farm from scratch. And feed her sweet grandma delicious food. The music annoyed me at first, now I fall asleep to it. Plus I want her kitchen. Vegans might want to look away now tho 
If you don’t already watch Liziqi on YT and need some relaxation/escapism, I highly recommend her channel!!  
 Ive been watching the youtube chsnnel Liziqi and its the loveliest, most calming thing ever .
no but really, watching Liziqi on Youtube legit is therapy/asmr/meditative i swear ive never watched every video upload on a channel except for hers.....thrice 
Liziqi and Jonna Jinton are my role models for peaceful living in nature. Ah, I want to be like them some day. I just love how connected they are in nature and how wise they are with what they're doing. Aaaaaa i luuuv em.
if i'm not skilled enough to do a liziqi/dianxi xiaoge-esque channel when i get home, i want to at least do homecafe type stuff 
 Also look up Li Ziqi on YouTube and watch 
There is something soothing about watching LiZiQi planting, growing and harvesting rice.
Liuzhou "Luosifen": Slurpy, Spicy, and Absolutely Satisfying | Liziqi Ch... 
don't even get me started on liziqi, she's next level
I love Liziqi so much i'm gonna cry  I wish I was as hard working as her, she's perfect 
Always feel peaceful when watching Li Ziqi's video… 
Stressed because of THE WORLD? Liziqi. Her videos are what you need right now. 李子柒 Liziqi 
everytime i was a liziqi video i long to move into secluded mountains with a girl to live self-sufficiently.... it sounds so nice...
Liziqi's videos are so calming
People in the whole world : it's dangerous outside, stay home. Liziqi's newest video : eyyyy it's picnic time!
time for liziqi videos again
 liziqi dreams
liziqi is one of China's biggest social media stars making videos of... Rural scenes the way city dwellers imagine them romantically: 
 I've watched so many Liziqi videos....they're just so soothing and beautifully filmed.
The nature in Liziqi’s videos makes me fall in love with our planet
 Watch Liziqi or Dianxi Xiaoge videos, try new recipes from Cooking with Sros or Natural Life TV
Mum is hooked on Liziqi Food. If you’re into aesthetics and food, highly recommended. Can be found on FB :)
Been watching Liziqi's videos on YouTube. Very calming, watching a pretty chinese Lady doing frugal chores and handcrafting everyday items. Hopefully I will never need it, but now I know how a thin cotton mattress can be made.
new liziqi video....time to get some free serotonin
 Aaahhh... You:re giving Li Ziqi's vibe. I love watching her videos on YT. Truly inspiring.
Li Ziqi and her team of 200 have produced a springtime picnic video: 
 Wow, so many Malaysian liziqi fans! Yes, it would be great to have our own local liziqi, Malaysia has abundance natural resources and interesting culture to show the world!
 
Now I know why China was promoting those Liziqi videos.....self isolation on a homestead.
Why am I not liziqi
 This is how I've seen Li Ziqi cook rice in her videos, so everyone can go sit down
Not a fan of these these things, but why not? Six shows I'm watching: LiZiQi’s youtube channel, Ugly Delicious, Good Place, OC Press Briefings, West World, TikTok. Six friends who are up next: 
 Pernah nonton channel Li Ziqi di youtube, bro? dream life banget itu. Back to nature. Main game harvest month for lyfe dia
Watch "Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life" on YouTube 
tomorrow's aims: - static shot mcm Liziqi - less gegor - below 5 mins Stayy tuneee
Omg yess i love LIZIQI so much!
 Start a YouTube channel, you can look up Liziqi for reference, many urban citizen want to live peaceful life in kebun like you but not yet have a courage for it.
she's amazing.Liziqi has almost 10million subscribers, imagine how much shes making. It's beyond belief tht she's livin in the same planet. ⁩Almost everything were done from scratch. Literally living a healthy lifestyle, unbothered and independent.Exactly what i wish for
thinking about miss liziqi and the way her life probably went unchanged even with the covid19
this is the best channel in youtube, along with Liziqi 
 U remind me this lady on utube, Liziqi.
Liziqi is living the life. Makasuya
Anyways YouTube channel is called Liziqi channel
 You remind me alot with liziqi
Deep down i want live like Liziqi
 You're the Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge of Malaysia
Mom is watching Liziqi’s video and she’s amazed with all the stuff Liziqi can make and cook ❤️
Latest Li Ziqi 李子柒 top Chinese influencer vid (full of  pressed into  , feeding  and a  outside) has 2mm views in 18 hrs, overwhelmingly positive comments ie: This is a Miyazaki animation come to life!  She’s living in Animal Crossing.  
 sounds like Liziqi 
 I already follow her and I LOVE HER SO MUCH  Thank you for sharing!! It seems we have similar taste, you'd love Liziqi!!
 Drop your favourite YouTube/Vimeo creators! Help us all find someone new to binge watch  I'll go first: Liziqi, a Chinese fairytale princess who barely talks, but shows you how she makes traditional food and goods. Calming and wholesome  
Had too much Liziqi Cooking videos on Facebook. 
Highkey wanting to live my adult life like liziqi PLEASE
Maka relax ning Liziqi Cooking
 awww i hope it goes away really soon!!! cramps are awful  i love this youtuber liziqi, and she has this ginger and brown sugar tea that seems to be esp effective...i got some for christmas and it's great  
Liziqi channel is so inspiring. 
Today is Peach Blossom Day based on the lunar calendar. Li Ziqi decided to pick some flowers, make snacks with the flowers, and have a picnic with grandma and her assistants: 
Liziqi goes off
In case you have a hard time check Li Ziqi vlog she can make you calm and please Subscribe to her Channel on YouTube. 
Li ZiQi's channel is the only goddamn thing getting me thru this pandemic
oh my god thank you youchewb for recommending me liziqi again i need her in these trying times
Li ziqi has uploaded a new video, it means healing time 
Such a mesmerizing vlogs. I would totally be up for her way of living where she lives (super beautiful) but minus the wood burner. It'll take me a year to cook a meal. 
 For visual relaxation nature’s beauty. Liziqi - China’s No. 1 online film maker (50mil subscribers). 'Cooking with flowers for a Spring picnic' 
 
chairman's watching liziqi videos with me and he's just as enchanted as i am 
the way liziqi cooks, ugh.
 do u know liziqi ??
If you still don't know who liziqi is this is the right time to binge watch her entire channel like I did for the past year 
everything liziqi does is always so beautiful  
liziqi posted and im emotional idk why huhuhuhuhuhuhu
Manonoodnalng akongvidsni Liziqi para marelax utak ko from all this shits 
Indulging myself with some Li Ziqi during lockdown. 
 I will say that the Liziqi stuff has led YouTube to recommend bizarre Japanese cooking videos to me, which are mostly just upsetting (why are you baking tomatoes and tofu in a waffle iron) but also addictive
I’ve been kinda inactive as for BTS related content lately. Instead I’ve been watching Li Ziqi. If you need a dose of calmness and tranquility, try watching her doing chores and turning things into wonders. 
 I've been watching a lot of fluid art youtube 
how can your not love liziqi video? come on...
I have very mixed feelings about her. She might as well be a powerful tool, but have to admit that what she does and where she does it, is beautiful Liziqi Channel 
Li Ziqi saving the day again
I always watch liziqi video lately before sleeping Healing... 
li ziqi is truly living the life i desire 
I love how Liziqi shows us the happiness in simplicity. Until she shears the wool of a sheep, or build a furnace, or grow silk worms and make a dress eventually, or cook delicious traditional food, or... I can never be as good as her so please... Marry me Liziqi?
liziqi love of my life
When I'm feeling anxious and overwhelmed, which is basically ALWAYS lately, I binge Liziqi videos. There is nothing more relaxing on planet earth. 
Another blessing video by mbak Liziqi!!  
Mb liziqi update. By world
liziqi's videos are the sole carrier of serotonin,,
watching liziqi channel while having lunch  
Li Ziqi is a Chinese internet celebrity famous for her videos in which she performs the work of a farmer with the grace of a fairy! Why not give her videos a go? 
 just waiting for you to offer Li Ziqi ( “Liziqi”) her own show because we all need her in our lives right now!! 
if you too are interested, might i suggest: Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi
 Have you seen Liziqi on YouTube? About as soothing as you can get, and she produces it all herself.
Tried to be rustic and have rock sugar on hand like liziqi but I keep eating it 
Appreciation Post!  My health  Joe Exotic, an icon  Skateboarding  Pay day    Daydreaming  Laughter as medicine  “Complainer” by Choir Boy  Oversized clothing  Choco Tacos  Liziqi’s YouTube channel  Bong ripz
 Same, but with Cowboy Kent Rollins, Li Ziqi and the Townsends
 I’m too far along recreating Mulan/Liziqi’s house :D
so ive been watching liziqi's videos for my therapy during this quarantine lol indeed theyre so relaxing
Ty ACNH for letting me live my liziqi fantasy .... DIY everything , design and make cute clothes, aesthetic surroundings , grow fruit...
liziqi videos make me 
If you need soothing quarantine content, may I recommend to you the queen Liziqi 
Liziqi and chill
 Korean Englishman/Jolly NigaHiga 李子柒 Liziqi 사군카페인 sagun caffeine Freddy My Love Jess and Gabriel
Just curious; my ASMR moots, who are some of your fave ASMR YouTubers? I enjoy watching them and would like to discover new ones! Here’s some of my faves: [ASMR]nara_나라 ASMR PPOMO Hatamugi ASMR Latte ASMR Li Ziqi Rappeler The Uniys ASMR
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ such a dreamy scene 
 chinese youtuber li ziqi has a video on making (I assume) traditional lip stain and other makeup here 
 Watching Liziqi raise her own silkworms from larvae to weave her grandmother a comforter , and trying to summon the energy to food prep for the week
I have two big dreams in my life. First: Visit Japan someday. Second: Have a life like Liziqi.
Watching Liziqi so I can divert my paranoia. Brain, stop please.
I love Liziqi so much.. Probably a bit unhealthy to be so obsessed with a person but wow she's so amazing
LIZIQI MY HERO HAS TWITTER???
 Liziqi is great to just chill 
 Liziqi, Dianxi, Daily dose of internet, Lets game it out, Marques brown lee
Because of my better half alicia... I've discovered so much its scary.... I'm sitting here watching liziqi videos winding down trying to sleep thinking dang that's my lineage from what I know so far. I even found out my culture so rooted dates back before christ himself ‍♂️
 Indo : nessiejudge, ariefmuhammad, hansoljang Luar : Liziqi, planD, ACE family, Brent Rivera
Liziqi and De mi Ranchu a Tu Cocina are the most impressive Youtubers change my mind
Liziqi is the ultimate DIY Youtuber you cannot change my mind. Other people are like “Dip Dyed my iPhone case” and she’s like I will build an entire house by myself
 You should check out Liziqi's channel on Youtube. 
 BITCHCHCHCHCHC tell me fucking why when i was stirring my basil into my soup i was like liziqi girl count your days
Okay Dianxi Xiaoge has one very important thing that Li Ziqi does not this HUGE BEAUTIFUL DOG 
Anyone here on Twitter as obsessed with as much as me? Them therapeutic live off the land videos. If you’re bored in iso I suggest checking her YouTube channel out. It’s a slippery slope... 
 Yes. I know how it is on the worse days... On those days, I turn on Liziqi or Peaceful Cuisine on YouTube and just allow my brain to gently absorb.
if you are not aware of Liziqi on youtube, please go watch her channel. beautiful Chinese princess handcrafting cooking genius with gorgeous nature shots, soothing music, and an adorable granny. 
i love the grass weave backpack....it reminds me of the the pack li ziqi wears when she gathers stuff,,...
 Love the "No talking. Few music. Calm high values" of YT. 
Traditional Me : Srilankan youtube channel. She is trying to recreate what Liziqi is doing in her Chinese YouTube channel. Welcome addition to the SL scene. 
 Liziqi is ❤️❤️❤️ TOP TIER
Successfully made my entire family watch and love miss li ziqi's videos
Introduced my Mom to the wonderful world of Dianxi Xiaoge and Liziqi on Youtube 
Wow! Li ZiQi is a force of nature. I am her new biggest Fan. New York, New York 
[update] a non exhaustive list of things i'm obsessed with atm: the incredible string band wild camping (real) flying ointments honey slides li ziqi's yt channel waterfall dressing tables early 00s retrofuturism 90s sticker tattoos sheryl lee vampire bloodlines (again)
 oh my god i loooovee li ziqi and the void outside of time and space she exists in
Liziqi Cooking - Organic Food Cooking Video 2020, Amazing Relaxing Cooking Video | Facebook 
Liziqi is such a mood
Bethany's weekly obsessions: ALBUM - "3.15.20" by Childish Gambino YOUTUBE - Li Ziqi PODCAST - "Hood Politics" by 
 - Liziqi 
 LOL Yes! I know the feeling! And I do love malls and being around people generally. But at least rn, I keep watching Liziqi's videos and thinking that might be what I want for the rest of my life?
Do I have Liziqi Fan Account status yet? 
Liziqi on youtube. an enchanting channel that shows the life of traditional, self-sustaining china. beautiful music choice, wonderful filming, yet very little editing effects, so the main focus is the project at hand. 
New people I discover and really admire for their efforts and patience in preparing foods and making stuffs 1) Peaceful Kitchen by Ryoya takashima 2) Liziqi 3) Dianxi apenjie 
Liziqi hi What's happening there, are u safe alonge with your belongings.
Another YouTube channel recommendation--Liziqi, a young Chinese internet celebrity and farmer/fairy with 60 million followers across various platforms. Beautiful images and quiet sounds of traditional activities such as cooking and preparing silk 
Can’t you tin, jar, salt, or dehydrate surplus vegetables? When I was in Taiwan, we had a stockroom full of preserved vegetables. Don’t you watch Dianxi Xiaoge, Liziqi, and other Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese, Malaysian, Singaporean, and Latin American kitchen vloggers?
 As a gift in trade heres Liziqi 
So do we think the coronavirus has affected Li Ziqi or
If you like , strongly recommend to you 's Chinese cuision videos. BTW, after the covid-19, I will go directly to a damn good restaurant. 
OMG I love liziqi and this wangxian version is so beautiful
 AND THEY ARE SURROUNDED BY RABBITS WHILE THEYRE AT IT the way liziqi is surrounded by her dogs and sheep 
postcanon wangxian could run a yt channel like liziqi..... wwx goes and grows and harvests a bunch of plants n picks fruits and stuff and lwj makes cool dishes.........
Here's a YouTube suggestion to binge on. Watch "Li Ziqi" channel.
Hadeel introduced me to this beautiful YouTube channel and it's soooo nice and soothing. If you enjoy Li Ziqi's channel, you'll definitely enjoy this channel, too. 
Bruce Lee vs Liziqi who wins
 Have you ever seen Liziqi on Youtube? I want her life. 
k, my Foodtube lineup: - BA - Matty Matheson - Maangchi - Liziqi - Smokin' Grillin' wit AB - emmymadeinjapan - NYT Cooking / Alison Roman - Umi's Baking / Cooking - First We Feast - Munchies lmk what you recommend!
This week's recommendations from are: And the YouTube channel Li Ziqi 
Liziqi sube video primer aviso. Damn bro that hurts.
Aw, I love my mom, and her love for ineffable husbands podfic Li Ziqi‘s ASMR YouTube  
Liziqi’s channel is mesmerizing and so aesthetically pleasing and her cooking looks DELICIOUS But I can’t find it relaxing at all because she’s working so HARD, like all I think while watching is “I could never live this life” 
Current isolation comforts: LiZiqi on Youtube, on YouTube, The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance on Netflix, 's cooking
 There's a channel on YouTube called Liziqi .. 
 Nice video. Enjoyed it too. I also find Liziqi’s videos very relaxing. Maybe you’ve seen them before, since they are very famous.They are very relaxing (and interesting) 
Watching videos on YouTube while I try to read as much of 's Cryer's Cross as I can before I inevitably pass out. Also have to last at least another half hour, I was promised KFC. Just gotta make a quick drive-through run before I get to come home and enjoy.
If you are stressed and need more relaxation in your life; watch Liziqi’s videos ❤️ 
always feel comfort and calm after watching liziqi's videos to reduce stress or bored
If you like positive stories about every day life in the Chinese countryside, try the Li Ziqi's videos on Youtube. Just Li Ziqi and her grandmother, living a beautiful life - doing everything from scratch - a little bit of calm 
yall should watch Liziqi on youtube  contents are too beautiful not to share
Well now that's a Spice box. New SriLankan YouTube channel. Following the path of Liziqi n Dianxi Xiaoge channels. ❤️ 
Convinced our whole office to watch Liziqi's youtube videos. 
 This is like the BEST time to watch Liziqi videos. Whenever I introduce her to someone, I need to watch the videos again, just to remember the giddiness of discovering her. So I guess I'm gonna marathon her videos again!
 I looooove introducing Liziqi to people. I loooove her.
Is it coincidence that liziqi shares the same surname (李）as lirui, a well known reactionary and rightist, also from the province of Yunnan??? Is it coincidence that her New Years decorations featured peppa pig??? It’s all becoming rather dubious 
Quarantine 12 day.ytube videos.(from.page1) : china is fucking beautiful : is majorly bullied by her sisters... she has lost her confidence and rooting for her and is god! is good looking.
Quarantine day 12: Watched anything that YouTube threw my way ... here is what i have understood so far... Opendoor ad: Celebrities homes are like personal museums of things they have collected, books they have not read comfort is not important (pg1)
with my bandana, wide legged pants, bamboo basket backpack, and vaulting pole i look like i’m a farmer living in the mountainous asian countryside like li ziqi
 Give them all to Li Ziqi and she'll do something amazing but also a little gross 
We're streaming Chinese vlogger Li Ziqi’s mesmerizing YouTube channel. she doesn’t speak and there are no how tos or manic hosts or Coronavirus. Instead she evokes a quiet, very pastoral, very ancient way of life whose effect is deeply soothing. 
 
Blue calico dyeing and printing with .  
Tengok video liziqi ni buat aku question my own existence. Am i not good enough as a woman? 
melissa laughed when i said i wanted to be liziqi....... BUT I JUST WANT TO LIVE IN THE MOUNTAINS AND REAR GOATS
idk what to post so.... and i recently watching Liziqi's videos it's so peaceful 
 I'm not sure what kinda work you want the lumber to do, but if it isn't too heavy then there's probably some YouTube vids. I know li ziqi has a vid of a small couch made from bamboo. That would narrow the scope to Sichuan somewhere. Not super helpful  but perhaps of use.
If you’re bored in lockdown, watch some Li Ziqi. She’s incredible and the vids are mesmerising. 
Watch Liziqi on youtube, absolutely peaceful videos Hehe skl
 you should watch youtuber Liziqi, I'm floored by how much stuff she gets done, she might inspire you 
 that does make things harder! May I recommend all of Liziqi's videos? She's a woman in Sichuan province who makes videos of the process that goes into her cooking and creative endeavors set to very peaceful music. 
See, everything is going to shit, and I watched all those Li Ziqi videos and have so many damn skills now. I can make shit and I do not even know wtf it's called, but I can do it! Good thing since we all gotta make our own shit now since stores are wiped out lol
Today I watched videos from Liziqi. Born in Chennai I have no understanding of how you're food is grown. Her videos are educational, artful, calming and where she lives looks straight out of fairy tale. 
Chinese Traditional handcrafted work as Dianxi Xiaoge or the famous Li Ziqi 
If any of you guys want to watch calming videos go search liziqi on yt.. thank me later.
Li Ziqi's garden is so big mehn I wonder how rich she actually is
If I die and reincarnated, i wanna live like Li Ziqi. Ugh. Her videos are...
The life of blue calico dresses hand-dyed by Li Ziqi (part 1） ️ 
 The only YouTuber I subscribe is LiziQi 
currently binge-watching: Liziqi 李子柒 on youtube 
i owe elizabeth my life for showing me the light* *Li Ziqi's youtube channel
li ziqi has a dream amount of cloaks
LIZIQI. Please, your hands must be fully protected... please take care of yourself... from Aksam.
I will be devastated if anything happens to Li Ziqi’s grandmother.
 Liziqi got me saving my orange peels and drying them to make tea out of them. For that alone I think it’s time well spent
 I love Liziqi so if the others are as relaxing thank you for the rec
1 of my fav Malaysian authors recommended Liziqi on YT, now I cant stop binging her vids 
Here is a thread of soothing YouTube channels. 1. Liziqi. Very little talking, beautiful visuals, cooking/crafts 
李子柒 Liziqi 
If you haven’t yet plz watch Liziqi on YouTube her videos are works of ART
 Li Ziqi is a person who makes videos of traditional Chinese technology. Her videos are very beautiful, close to nature and never discuss politics. She now earns hundreds of millions of yuan every year
 Yes, you can find a YouTuber named Li Ziqi, she is from mainland China, but there are not as many YouTuber fans in mainland China as in China, Nathan rich Is an American living in China, he helped the Chinese people speak by YouTube limited his traffic and advertising revenue
Liziqi's videos are so addicting. Just had a marathon of it
 wisecrack, philosophy tube, primink, dishwashinglickwid, de mi rancho a tu cocina (), the take, jackie aina, d’angelo wallace, and LIZIQI 
Liziqi Cooking - New Liziqi Cooking 2020, The Life of Blue Calico Dresses Hand-Dyed | Facebook 
I love Liziqi's videos so much she's the best youtuber ever
 I recommend this just to let you know how the most Chinese live a peaceful life, no politics, no west “human rights” and economic competition, but this channel shows the hardworking side of Chinese people and traditional Chinese culture
 There are many Chinese live on YouTube, but they speak Chinese, so few Westerners know about it. But I ’m still very happy to share some different China with you. In addition, if you are interested in Chinese culture, I can recommend someone to you 
Doh sa walay lingaw diha pagsearch ug Liziqi sa youtubeeee maamaze lang mo how this lady is doing all sorts of shizz from cooking and painting with everything from scratch  amazing jud
LIZIQI IS BACK WITH NEW VIDEO
Honestly don’t think I’m going to find a better YouTube channel than Li Ziqi.
 U might like "liziqi" and also "dianxi" s utube channels. They are relaxing but focused on everything from scratch/village life that sort of stuff.
 go to epicurious for the 4 levels of cooking, or Liziqi's channel for just the most relaxing videos ever
 
 how distant or how close is a Liziqi fantasy land to your Jeffersonian agrarian ideal? Asking for a friend ... 
 Have you watched Liziqi? Not all of her videos are about food but all of them are calming and she loves her grandma so much. 
How to make Salted Duck Egg Yolk Sauce（Chinese Mayonnaise）|Liziqi Channel 
Me? After MCO, eat/sleep/ rest/...well, and full of hope and energetic after my beautiful LIZIQI's new being watched...Ha...Ha...
The way me and my family have been binge watching liziqi all day.
le retour de liziqi sur YouTube 
Liziqi would survive any kind of apocalipse, IS THERE ANYTHING SHE CAN'T DO?????
Li Ziqi being wholesome as always 
 Oh I'm so glad :) I'm also looking for recs, because we are under full shelter in place and I can't keep watching Li Ziqi on repeat
surprisingly, i'm in love with liziqi. what an angel 
Kumiss and Roasted Whole Lamb make you feel like paradise.| Liziqi Channel 
I just watched 2 hours worth of Liziqi’s YouTube channel. 10/10 content
 I like to watch Li Ziqi's videos Because I like to watch other people work and I don't have to do anything 
Liziqi's lamb sidekick is so ugh  cuteeee
The life of blue calico dresses hand-dyed by Li Ziqi (part 1) -- 
Episode 54 is out now! We drink Gingers homemade kombucha, Atwater Blueberry Cobbler, and Bells Hopslam 2020. We played "Felix the Reaper", "Peace, Death", and Sonic the Hedgehog 2. We recomend Li Ziqi, Call of the Void, and Featured Creatures 
Oh, also Liziqi's channel is wonderful, slow TV: 
Is there a foreign friend who can answer a question for me? -What is the impact of Liziqi(李子柒）’s video on overseas netizens and what is the understanding of Chinese culture through her videos?Thx a lot~
If you're feeling a bit stir crazy, escape with Liziqi… 
might fukc around and become a li ziqi stan account
me planting some ginger and an aratilis tree in the backyard: i hope li ziqi and dianxi are proud of me 
thank li ziqi for making me romanticize farming and agriculture again which was basically my entire childhood life which i feel like i took for granted before i went to the city to work and now i’m back and i just owe her that much 
li ziqi and dianxi xiaoge better get married i’m starting to ship them since i have no thoughts and no better things to do, and start world denomination because no men can ever deserve them goddesses
 Omg these are amazing. Also liziqi really is a goddess I love her YouTube vids too
the only places i want to travel to is liziqi, dianxi, duyen and nanay am thuc and all these nature countryside vloggers i follow and no where else anymore
Liziqi just uploaded a video with her grandma wow i was actually worried because we don’t get to hear how the Chinese countryside has been faring ☹️ but they seem to be doing ok!
liziqi and dianxi are immune and self sufficient they will literally be the last to go i love to see it
Whenever I feel lazy, I'll watch her and bila buat kerja rumah acacah liziqi yang cantik and hardworking.
just watched liziqi new video, while the world is suffer with pandemic she and her grandma living their best life, we love to see it.
Liziqi finally posted a video. i think she's fine.
Liziqi aka my favourite Chinese rural life Youtuber finally posted a video since the pandemic started and I am desperately hoping she and her grandma are okay and safe. 
What they want us to be？So Chinese boys are going to be warwolf and Chinese girls are going to be Liziqi. 
the vision is li ziqi but naked with a wig 
New Li Ziqi videos up; my heart and soul are healed
If anyone's looking for peaceful videos to watch, I highly recommend Liziqi. A Chinese woman who grows and makes everything she needs. The skill! 
I've never wanted to live a life more than I want to live Li Ziqi's life
what’s a quarantine if you don’t binge li ziqi videos on youtube and guess everything she’s doing out loud, such as “maybe she’s mashing rubharb to make ink?” or “ohhhh it’s a BLANKET” and “give that cute dog a bite” with the occasional “what’s she doing now”
worthy of a binge watch when , Li Ziqi's videos take you away to another world 
NEW LI ZIQI VIDEO ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️ AND IT’S A TWO PARTER!!!!!!
The life of blue calico dresses hand-dyed by Li Ziqi? 
 YASS LIZIQI THE REAL DISNEY PRINCESS
OMGGGG Liziqi uploaded new videos after 2 months on hiatus yaaay!!!
EVERYONE: We don't know what to DO now that we're stuck at home! LI ZIQI: 
day 6 (?) of quarantine we watching all of li ziqi's videos  
Everyone: I need a beer *goes to store* Li Ziqi: I need a beer *plants wheat* 
 and one video at a time 
 super chill quarantine suggestion. There's a woman named Liziqi on YouTube. I could watch her for hours. She makes everything for her and her Gram from scratch in her fairy tale looking place in the mountains of Japan. It's just incredible. 
Liziqi finally posted videos. I miss her vids a lot. ♥️
Finally a liziqi video!! But fucking century link is out.
While the world is panicking take a break and go watch Li Ziqi’s videos ❤️ 
Liziqi video always diff. In the middle of this hectic world.. just watched this to healing or make you relax 
NEW LIZIQI VID
liziqi is back T_________________T
why do artists even try when a whole liziqi exists !!!! everything she does is so ;_____;
liziqi,,,,,the fairy that u are 
 I am OBSESSED with Liziqi - perfect viewing in these trying times too
This one is a two-parter, so be sure to watch the second video after. And then watch her whole channel. She grows, she cooks, she weaves, she sews, she builds unbelievable things out of bamboo. 
If you haven’t met Liziqi yet, allow me the joy of introducing you. She lives in the mountains in China, and makes everything by hand. EVERYTHING. In this video, she grows indigo from seed, and then she keeps on going. (cont) 
OMG LIZIQI IS ALIVE!!! 
Liziqi - a true inspiration for me. I’m so glad she’s fine and has posted a new video. Helps me get up on my feet and do actual work . I’m so glad I found her videos. For once YouTube recommendations were useful
Liziqi's new video has arrived  
don’t u ever just wanna move to the mountains with liziqi and live the old traditional life hand-dying dresses with your grandma using indigo plants surrounded by baby goats
Oww liziqi,, long time no see..
Remembering when and I spent our holiday in Budapest in bed watching Liziqi videos on YouTube and it was the best time. Simple yet effective 
Catch me on youtube looking at Liziqi's new videos about nature making everything from scratch. Girl's a badass Mulan ✨
Really admire Li ZiQi's organic natural lifestyle, one of the advantages of living in the countryside. Her videos are therapeutic
Li Ziqi is back. The heart is happy. ♥️ Huhu
Liziqi Dianxi came back!! 
the way liziqi posted 2 video today 
miss liziqi is back with another refreshing video ❤️
Li ziqi is one of the more soothing people I watch on YouTube when I get panic attacks all night. Idk just everything about her videos are perfect and I love them
After a long pause, Li Ziqi just uploaded a new video – the first since the Outbreak. 
Sa mga walang ginagawa, this is the perfect time to watch Liziqi's YouTube channel
Ohmygod Liziqi posted omg
in these difficult times, may I recommend the most wholesome and healing content on youtube: liziqi my fav liziqi moments, a mini thread 
liziqi living the best self distancing life i want
Jaebeom maps. Creamheroes saying goodbye to her channel Liziqi uploaded a new video after a long hiatus Today is crazy.
Liziqi uploaded a new video. 
DAMN I SCREAM WHEN I GET NOTIF FROM LIZIQI. ITS BEEN A WHILE GIRL  
liziqi comeback 
BRUH LIZIQI JUST POSTED AFTER A MONTH OF HIATUS
 It is, it's part of the zero-waste movement, and Youtube is awesome, so many great channels. This isn't about growing food, but same idea, build your own furniture with whats available. And 李子柒 Liziqi's videos are very calming to watch 
liziqi will update today I'm so happy. 
my mother: my liziqi :( shes not posting videos maam???
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
 YOU WATCH LIZIQI TOO?!??!
Liziqi on YouTube... you're welcome!
 I LOVE HER!!! fun fact my mom was born in mianyang, the same town liziqi is in :)
 Liziqi has consumed my life
 Video? I highly recommend you to watch 'Liziqi', it doesnt feel like an ordinary experience, its a chinese woman doing traditional things out in the mountain, she doesn't speak, the production is impeccable, the music is outsanding and it can relieve anxiety in these dark times.
 I missed your videos liziqi hope you are doing well ❤❤
Beautiful, calming thing of the day: My fav Youtube Channel and also a wonderful female role model - highly skilled, self-sufficient, wholesome Liziqi, a chinese woman showing beautiful videos of her cooking, caring for land, making things from scratch 
IF YOU HAVENT WATCHED ALREADY i offer you 李子柒 Liziqi's channel in these ~trying times~ shes a masterful craftsperson, cook, farmer....you name it. her videos are beautiful and atmospheric and will guarantee to lift your mood !! 
 Liziqi. She’s a Chinese woman who makes food and does projects from scratch. Beautiful, soothing, hypnotic.
 Have you heard of Liziqi? I adore her videos. They bring me much needed peace on the days when I am struggling. 
This Chinese Blogger 'Li Ziqi' looks a lot like Mina from  
I've seen the light. For a short while I'd stopped washing packaged rice. Yeah yeah, how could you? Anyway after watching Li ziqi's rice video, I figured if she grows her own rice and still washes it, who am I not to wash rice I haven't grown? Video: 
 Also liziqi is a facinating youtive channel
 Turn into a burrito in total darkness with headphones and videos of puppies or cats getting rescued/watercolor paintings/Liziqi videos (totally recommend you to watch her videos, she's amazing) Hoping you feel better soon  
OK I think I've come across the best destressing solution. Just watched Li Ziqi make like ten different ice creams from fruits and berries picked in her garden and the forest. 
watching many soothing liziqi videos during volquar. here she makes beautiful candies! 
 YES LI ZIQI MY QUEEN i love herrrr
If you’re in need of any new self quarantine content or just need calming content and haven’t watched Liziqi yet... please do yourself a favor and watch this absolute Queen 
Just watched liziqi video when she made lotus wine, the scenery of the lotus pond is just incredible remind me of yunmeng lotus pier . One day when this corona thingy is over, definitely one of the places i want to visit~
 Li Ziqi is magic. I have learned so much from her
Wholesome social media follows I recommend: -Nancy Birtwhistle -Arnold Schwarzenegger -Li Ziqi -For fellow polyamorous followers (or not! they're fun and awesome!) TheTriadFam on IG
 This footage has gone viral as a live video on Facebook published on Mar. 14, 2020 by user Liziqi Recipes. It's a fake video, published on YouTube on Oct. 19, 2018 by youtuber and VFX artist ( 
 I want my yard to look like Liziqi's small holding.
Watching liziqi rn is really making me hungry
 This footage has gone viral as a live video on Facebook published on Mar. 14, 2020 by user Liziqi Recipes. It's a fake video, published on YouTube on Oct. 19, 2018 by youtuber and VFX artist ( 
 Super adorable. Everyone thought sumn happened to her bc Li Ziqi didn’t upload for a month 
real talk tho is liziqi ok? Hasn’t posted since Jan. Do I have any followers or friends in China?
 I was very bad at cooking, too! But now it's almost a meditative activity, with a healthy reward at the end. Also, exploring new flavors and textures is pretty magical. I watch Li Ziqi on YouTube regularly for inspiration ✨ 
I finished watching every Liziqi's video on youtube
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 Switching to YouTube videos is an effective way to break off an endless scroll I find. Still screen, but more stimulating and lots of benign content. Liziqi is a fav rn ❤
Liziqi has an amazing channel where she grows, harvests, processes, builds, cooks, brews, sews creates things at a homestead where she cares for her grandmother. 
Aight can’t sleep.. time to watch Liziqi videos on YouTube til 2am
Liziqi's videos. I find it therapeutic. 
For now, I leave you with Liziqi making the most of Magnolia season last year, making an essential oil dew :) 
李子柒 Liziqi (traditional Chinese cooking, farming, DIY) 
 李子柒 Liziqi makes long still videos in nature using cotton and plants and Idk, just content on another level altogether
the way I’m bout to rewatch all of liziqi's videos 
Happy to know you’re on Twitter Liziqi
Pre-COVID19, I would have paid good money to spend a week at Li Ziqi camp, if such a thing existed. Maybe someday.
 oooh you would love art restoration videos (well I do xD) and Li ZiQi's youtube channel
I watch a lot of YT, but these are some of the channels that are the most relaxing and therapeutic for me. Anyone else love these? Liziqi Dianxi Xiaoge Mark Weins De mi rancho a tu cocina emmymadeinjapan jun's kitchen
 I think this is such a cool idea. It reminds me of Liziqi! Have you ever seen this YouTube channel? 
I’ll go first: Li Ziqi on YouTube. I could watch her making things the old way forever
I’m getting through this with LiZiqi’s video playlist running on repeat, and that’s on COVID-19 
Weekends of binge-watching Liziqi on YouTube has prepared me for this moment. 
 Thanks for this! I am also a huge fan of Liziqi for soothing escapism and I would also recommend this channel which has been saving my life the past couple of days: 
 Have you watched any of Liziqi??
Liziqi is hands down the best YouTube channel. Argue
The link to the viral video is no longer available. Link to facebook video recycled by user Liziqi Recipes: 
 Similar vibe to Liziqi: but involves her family more: 
 I never heard of liziqi before and I’m addicted now 
 李子柒 Liziqi and Peaceful Cuisine are to of my favorite channels, just in general, but especially for calming down and relaxing.
 Omg this liziqi video got me instantly Everything is so beautiful! For relaxed pretty cooking videos I can recommend Peaceful Cuisine: 
 I spend hours watching Liziqi. She has all the skills.
 Thank you for this ! I've watched Liziqi for a long time now and was definitely looking for similar content. I will look at this channel :D
李子柒 Liziqi: Hands down, THE most beautiful YouTube channel I have ever laid eyes on. Follow a girl make beautiful hand-crafted items, grow her own food and make things like soy sauce from scratch in a dream-like, idyllic landscape. 
This footage has gone viral as a live video on Facebook published on Mar. 14, 2020 by user Liziqi Recipes. It's a fake video, published on YouTube on Oct. 19, 2018 by youtuber and VFX artist ( 
 LIZIQI BEST GIRL
 Because you are nobody...The largest account of any Chinese national? But only 100k followers..What a joke. Waiting for REAL Chinese influencers such as Liziqi to come to Twitter and easily pass 1mio followers.
day 3 it is 4:40am I have been watching liziqi videos for five hours
liziqi au but liziqi is wwx and lwj is this rich corporation child tm who cant help but be in love with poor farmboy youtube sensation wwx
Please, I need help. I'm currently transfixed by videos on her eponymous YouTube channel. So very much to learn and I'm getting old fast!
ok after i watch li ziqi for an hour ish im gonna catch up on bts run! i miss them so much
I’m going to watch every one of Li Ziqi’s YouTube videos this week.
 chinese cottagecore channels like 'liziqi' and 'dianxi xiaoge', nail art by the channel 'nail career education', epoxy furniture building by 'positive couple', episodes of british game shows like taskmaster, and also diving videos from 'man + river'
it's been a month since liziqi uploaded a video :( i hope she's doing fine :(
 liziqi's too
 Bon Appetit's channel is great, Kiwami Japan is FASCINATING, and I watch LiZiqi too, her whole setup is incredible.
Li Ziqi's fans repeatedly use words like “comfort,” “relaxing” and “cure” when commenting on her videos, which provide something of an "antidote" to modern life. 
provas: Li Ziqi - 李子柒 - EnSub - How to make chalk and lipstick in the traditiona... 
 Haz visto "Liziqi channel" en Youtube?
 I want Li Ziqi’s double edged knife cleaver thing
 I 3 Li Ziqi. Now more than ever.
pspspspsps liziqi? where is she ......
In this time of anxiety, I suggest everyone check out these deeply relaxing videos of Liziqi hand-making nice meals and gifts for her grandmother 
 Cook/bake? ✨ Also getting fucked up and reading the SCP wiki is my fav lmao. OR if you want something incredibly relaxing and interesting to watch while drankin, check out Li Ziqi's entire YouTube channel
 User Liziqi is wonderful 
i wna watch liziqi making salted duck eggs can my wifi plz
Please someone confirm that is okay... I miss her videos!! 
EXPOSE YOUR PHONE GAME 1. Rai 2. ano yonn 3. Adriel 4. GTA Online Business Grind 5. How to start eating healthy 6. liziqi 7. Ria 8. 9. - 10. - 11. Yes 12. None 13. None 14.  15. - ❤️ this tweet for questions
Just realized Xiaoge Liziqi haven't updated for a month now. Hope they're doin' okay.
Thinking about making a Liziqi-style video but it's just me clearing 5 days of dirty dishes out of my bedroom so I can sit down and eat my third bowl of cereal alone.
spending a relaxing friday night with my wife, liziqi 
Relaxing You Tube channels to watch while quarantined: A Thread— 1. Liziqi for relaxing Chinese cooking in the countryside 
highly recommend liziqi and haegreendal if you're looking for highly therapeutic and peaceful content on yt
 Ooh! Can't believe I forgot Li Ziqi. Lives on her grandmother's farm in rural China, gives new meaning to "from scratch." My favorites literally follow a project from seed to table or garment.
Liziqi is the most wholesome and soothing content on the internet. You are welcome. 
 stuff like embroidery or felting can be really sweet and calming!!!! and my favourite calming youtube channels are junskitchen, liziqi and matthew posa  they all help my anxiety a lot and help me sleep
thinking about how mario party lesbian council sat down to have a movie night and while we waited for maddie we were watching Li Ziqi videos and all just thinking about how amazing she is. oh to be a string bean chopped to bits by this beautiful woman
I know we are all stressed to hell and back, so watch some of Liziqi's extremely relaxing videos of her life in the szechuan mountains. I would move there in a minute  
Chinese internet star Li Ziqi is OK, according to fans. Other comments say she's helping/donating to prevent the coronavirus. 
 I watch Li Ziqi and he has started to! We both love them so much, as we’ve been planning a “homestead”. They’re so educational and relaxing.
 Here is the Youtube Channel of LiZiQi，She has 9 Million followers on YT，she is an orphan.quit her job back to remote village to take care of her grandma…She shot so many Chinese food making vids in ancient ways，that's what eat in ordinary life...not what u said....
 I had said Don't help these Europe idiots，let them die! They don't know being grateful…What u said is fully prejudice，ever been to China? Chinese don't eat what u said，A famous Youtuber Liziqi made Chinese food，She is a rural poor girl but u can watch what we eat indeed!
Finally Ria SW is coming back n I'm still waiting for liziqi too
 does he perhaps watch li ziqi ? she hands down has the best videos showing a traditional chinese lifestyle.
A group of students from Renmin University is conducting an online survey and hopes to hear from Liziqi's international fans. Only takes a few minutes. 
 i watch emmymadeinjapan too she’s actually my fav youtuber of all time....the other foodtubers i watch r binging with babish, bon appetit, byron talbott, junskitchen, maangchi, you suck at cooking, liziqi, and cho’s daily cook
When I run out of Liziqi's videos on youtube I'm going to be real upset cause that's basically all I've been watching for 3 days
 emmymadeinjapan EvanAndKatelyn communitychannel Liziqi Cooking tree Bazza Gazza Pangina Heals Man About Cake Ronald Finger Daniela Tabois ContraPoints SORTEDfood MilesJai honeykki SCOTCHBOX Pailin's Kitchen Novympia Kingsley Micarah Tewers JennaMarbles julien solomita Tarek Ali
Liziqi can only survive, we are not worthy
 every single video on liziqi’s channel is just. sublime, but this is a fave 
I could be the low-budget Li Ziqi of northern New England
❇️cooking channel: 李子柒 Liziqi 
Li Ziqi: Honestly this lifestyle is goals 
 oh i'll ck the other gal t-shirt gal again?Lucky person..Oh yes every couple of days I'll ck Li Ziqi she now has an assist and a videographer by her side the older lady around is her 
 i love rural china youtubers like liziqi and dianxe xiaoge. there’s not a lot of talking, just the ambient sounds of them working and cooking, and a window into a different way of life. i also like kimi - a korean youtuber with a similar style!
 They picked a winner the other day, not sure who :/ ♥️ thanks for entering! Li ziqi is amazing
so. i just fell in love with Liziqi 
 I watch Liziqi when I'm stressed, and her videos are so calming and relaxing. I hope she resonates with you too! 
 ondo, liziqi, cozy day, semua channel per-NCTan
 The last one I think was a video about Dawang? But she had some interview clips with goldthread. I read on IG that Li Ziqi posted on Weibo about her lola being sick. Hopefully it's not COVID-19 huhu.
Wondered why one of my favorite YouTube content creator hasn't uploaded a video in over a month when she use to do 3-4 a month. Hope everything is OK with Li Ziqi
 Oka Tuesday I just watched an interview on Li Ziqi I needed to watch and listen the part of this puzzle missing for me.I'm struck.Thanks for the intro to her.Who won ur Insta painting t-shirt?
Man id love for Li Ziqi to show us how she does her hair cause it always looks so pretty. 
LIZIQI HASN'T UPLOAD ANYTHING FOR A MONTH The last IG post was 5 days ago and someone commented about her grandma being sick... I hope everyone is okay 
 Li Ziqi on YouTube, Maison album, pride and prejudice (2005), Adventure Time. My list is much longer but these are the essentials 
 Hi Elena! I am Jinyue Zhou. My PR case is about a famous Chinese YouTuber named Li Ziqi who is committed to spreading Chinese intangible cultural heritage in the context of the new media era. 
 Evan and Katelyn Juns kitchen Bin appetit Pusheen the cat Liziqi CreamHeroes c:
 I also like watching Primitive Technology and Li Ziqi when I feel too overwhelmed to do something myself. It usually gets me in the mood to work on something. And if not, I watched someone make roof tiles or use lotus root 10 different ways.
pickled radish soap strawberry tea by liziqi ♡ 
Have some beautiful videos out of China instead of bad news, Liziqi is great for anxiety and an overall inspirational queen 
Watching Liziqi Tasty vids on lunch before bed is so theraupetic.. I recommend
the only thing i want in life is liziqi’s hand in marriage !!!!!!!
please put me in ur chicken soup liziqi
 Cooking tree and Hanse Liziqi and yuka kinoshita
Netizens debate whether vloggers like Li Ziqi are spreading “authentic” Chinese culture, or merely presenting a vision of China that the world wants to see. 
Just spent the past 3 hours watching Liziqi videos and honestly ZERO regrets. The one where she grows soy beans and makes soy sauce is bonkers too. 
 Liziqi, is one of my favorite video creators. I hope you’ll enjoy her channel, if you haven’t seen it yet. ☺️ 
Rural Chinese youtubers Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. Podiatry, dermatology and other medical procedures. Horror and true crime. Mini docs and Kitchen Nightmares/Hell's kitchen
ิ่นที่อ่าน Lifestyle/Travel/Eating channels JunsKitchen Liziqi Bearhug Mark Weins The Food Ranger
 ‘s suggestion to cure my upcoming 7 days of boredom is to watch Liziqi gardening on utube 
 I missing you Liziqi ❤️
I just want to have an edible, cuddle up to someone, and watch Liziqi videos.
At this point the only good youtube channels are jennamarbles, liziqi and the piano meme guy
Thanks to and , I am now hooked on Liziqi videos on Youtube.
 You must watch Li Ziqi’s videos. I watch on YouTube. They are mesmerizing. So soothing.
My favourite Vlogger from China, Liziqi dah tak upload video. I hope she safe 
No more news for me. I'm going to smoke some weed ride out the apocalypse watching videos. My dog I are already in the sticks. We've been inspired to eat good and build some shit. You fuckers aren't going to steal our joy. 
If I can recommend anyone anything, it’s to watch at least one of Liziqi’s videos a day. For a glorious few minutes you just get to live the Chinese country-life. 
Work is rated by the state of a farmer. You may watch Liziqi channel to have an idea of a work life and not your job.
You may watch Liziqi channel on YouTube.
Been trying a couple different ways to cope with stress/anxiety and I started watching liziqi where she harvests and cooks her food and it’s so soothing ☺️
i'll never understand how people can thumbs down liziqi's videos on youtube. they are the most wholesome videos on the site....
somebody check on Liziqi for me please. she's in rural China.
Let me watch Liziqi to calm my mind and sleep
if u do not stan chinese youtuber liziqi then please do not even look at me
my ultimate goal is to one day be the very angry appalachian equivalent to Liziqi
watching some liziqi vids and look at this absolute fluff ball 
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province - Adpulp 
Li Ziqi secretly donated tens of thousands masks, gloves and protective clothes to hospitals in wuhan and people still attacked her on weibo. Gurl i-
i miss liziqi,, hope she’s doing well her last upload on yt was already a month ago 
 on : Kumiss and Roasted Whole Lamb make you feel like paradise.| Liziqi Channel 
 me becoming a hermit and living like that li ziqi from youtube
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
Liziqi on YouTube, you’re welcome.
 Liziqi and Unhhhh, of course.
Tonic for our consumer society, so out of touch with reality these days. Li Ziqi creates beautiful, zen-like, video pieces. You can guess that we love making things from scratch (like soap) and I adore all her videos. The Life of . 
Li Ziqi's serene depictions of life in rural China offer an authentic look at China far from the Western gaze. 
 Liziqi, but they're more traditional cooking videos.
every time I'm stressed i just watch Liziqi on youtube. she calms my mind 
Best Time of Year to Comsume Juicy and Tender Bamboo Shoots; Pick As Muc... 
 I have been watching this channel and it is like a warhead on stress. it's like Liziqi but if it was in an extremely cozy little cabin with blankets and kitties it's been helping me a lot. that is all
 Green Mountain Metal Detecting, Liziqi, Baumgartner Restorations, and searching topics like: [your area] foraging, glass blowing, bird migration documentaries, tunnel boring projects, studio/workshop tours
 woodturning videos, Liziqi the chinese DIY youtuber, 
 Li Ziqi. she makes you want to retire city life for peace on a self-sustaining farm in the mountains
Korean "home cafe" videos where fancy iced coffees are made, no music just the ambient sound. Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge, Chinese rural lifestyle videos. Li Ziqi is a bit more fanciful (I cannot believe she does all that by herself) but Dianxi Xiaoge is more down to earth.
I planted shiitake mushrooms in the mountain! | Liziqi Channel 
My favourite youtube channels without people talking: Primitive Technology (Guy building stuff in the Australian bush) Peaceful Cuisine (Cooking with some piano in the background) 李子柒 Liziqi (Girl living in rural china that makes amazing videos about traditional cooking)
 omg etch liziqi!!!!! she cured my anxiety
 I love watching Li Ziqi's videos. Simplicity and Peace. Suprised that you watched Xiu Xiu!
 Liziqi is the absolute best and she plants mushrooms in the mountain 
 Dianxi Xiaoge and Li Ziqi’s Chinese countryside cooking/DIY videos are incredibly soothing 
 also liziqi, a young woman in China who lives with her grandma and does beautifully shot domestic labor handcrafts 
Yesterday I completed watching every episode on her youtube channel. I am just speechless. Literally out of words. YOU ARE MY ROLE MODEL LIZIQI!❤ Sooooooooooooooooooooo eagerly waiting for new episodes!!!
oh to be like liziqi and live in the mountains somewhere making my own clothes and growing my own food
 Visual asmr?! You must follow liziqi! This gorgeous Chinese lady that basically lives in the Chinese mountains and cooks food that she farms and goes out in the mountains to forage herbs and mushrooms ! So relaxing and beautiful!!!
 9) Listening to music/escapism, doing my nails, watching liziqi videos, hanging out with my dog/cat, talking to my friends, telling stories, meditation.
 Li Ziqi is my happy place. Literally the most relaxing channel on YouTube. Plus she can definitely beat me up with her little finger while cooking something amazing. I swear I've seen her just lift up some trees she cut down then make them into a chair.
 When is liziqi going to film new videos? Just eagerly waiting
i want a land like Liziqi’s
i'm in love with one woman and one woman only, her name is liziqi and i would DIE for her
Are vloggers such as and spreading “authentic” Chinese culture, or merely presenting a vision of China that the world wants to see? 
liziqi is like the jackie chan of DIY. as jackie does his own stunts, she does her own crafts!
in my next life i wanna be liziqi
 From BTS to Li Ziqi real quick
 Jenna Marbles. I just leave it on. Her vids always relax me and i always fall asleep by the 3rd one...funny thing is i can NEVER fall asleep with the tv on. Usually bugs the crap out of me. So im positive Jenna Marbles and Liziqi are magical princesses
 httpyxh nono im sure its 100% tru, liziqi said so
 I checked mine and it's not there. I mean at least show the premier, or show once for each day. Because Liziqi videos and other BTS MVs are there, that too repeatedly
 ooh i actually love liziqi i totally forgot about the channel! what does brad do?
I started watching Liziqi videos and wow I have never known peace until now.
mi god i lub liziqi's vidz sm
liziqi !!!!!! marry me
I have never known peace like a Liziqi video 
this account is now a Li ZiQi stan account. name one bitch doing it like her I’ll wait!!!!!!! 
Be like Liziqi in this world full of Kardashians.
 Sauce Stache is like a vegan food alchemist. Joshua Weissman and Nino's Home are really funny. Xiao Gao Jie's Magic Ingredients has some great informative videos as well as recipes. And Liziqi for the aesthetic
Watch urself Li ziqi I'm coming for that crown 
liziqi god
I think the Chinese government is seeking to improve its global image by waging a soft power campaign using state-sponsored YouTubers like Dianxi Xiaoge and Li Ziqi.
The moment you wake up, is already on her way to tend to her plants. As you’re stuck in traffic, she is enjoying the fresh breeze on her farm. Get to know the Chinese wonder girl that captured the world with her idyllic depiction of farm life. 
Li Ziqi's serene videos of rural life have exposed millions to a China beyond the Western gaze. 
 Hi there Miss Liziqi, just so you know. YOU ARE the true and should be THE VERY 100% suited role for the live action Mulan, w dont get why Disney could MISS THIS! There is just no doubt about it! Your perfect for the role! 
every1 shut up i juz finished watching liziqi making a mattress out of cotton step by step literally everyt reminds me of cotton rn i am so soft look at her she mwow 
I wanna be a liziqi
y is the comment section under liziqi's videos so toxic . why .. what for., is it not enuf to simply admire a very pretty girl w a nice soft voice doing chores in the countryside with her grandma n pets while also simultaneously eliminating misogyny n lookin very ethereal while s
Liziqi to goals
Is there any malay version of liziqi or dianxi xiaoge i want to see a malay kampung life vibes like that less talk more on serene music and kampung job or cooking.
sometimes self care is watching li ziqi vids on You Tubes for two hours
 Have you discovered Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge yet? Similarly wholesome and pleasant to watch, lots of cooking and pretty scenery from rural China. Plus Dianxi has a big doofy dog. 
Day 57: The discovery of Liziqi= the sweetest girl in the world  
liziqi's channel is my favorite overall but i like her newest title "the...the life of cotton. i will come up with a better series title soon" like i love her wtf
PhD in PHYSICS PhD in COOKING‍♂️ . . Columbia University in the City of New York 
 liziqi!!!  i love watching her videos
read the li ziqi story and want to cry she is the best
yuta would pull off liziqi/dianxi xiaoge
Me and yuta will get married and get a beautiful and healthy life as liziqi and her grand mother does 
Damn, i think im in love with Liziqi..
I'm really freaking out about the fact that out of nowhere sent me a message asking if I've made tomato jam before while I was in the middle of watching a video of li ziqi making tomato jam
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province - Adpulp 
 Hi miss Liziqi,sometimes you may think if there something more in life and there is great meaning to it. Even if you can help a little of touching 1 to 1 heart of others. Please check: 
I’m So interested in others’ YouTube recommendations page because mine is just stand up comedians, Liziqi, dance moms funniest fights
Why are Liziqi vids hella meditative tho 
Li Ziqi hasn’t uploaded any new videos for a month, but her assistant, Min Guo, has been updating fans regularly. Latest info from Weibo post and images: 
Liziqi on YouTube has me wanting to just leave and move to the mountains .
watching liziqi vids with my grandma
 I've been worried about liziqi, my favorite blogger also. I love her work, I hope she's ok.
 Oh goodness she really is suited to be live action Mulan. Check this on classic mulan animation 
 2/ this legendary person: Li Ziqi! In all god honest she the most suitable person to Actually play as Mulan! Why haven't you found her? Check her official youtube channel and search liziqi. There you go thank you! In all rings of truth her characteristic truly fits as Mulan!
21.Liziqi Dianxi Xiaoge Haley Kim SEODAM cooking tree Home Cooking Adventure Blancjoony heejo Danica O. Allrecipes France NCT(ตั่งต่าง กดทุกช่อง) Les sens ciel ฯลฯ
People like asmr but i really enjoy watching liziqi's videos. Even listening to them as bg noise while doing things lol
 Not art tutorials but Liziqi's videos are very relaxing: 
 yeah! I've seen some hanfu reviewers and ofc queen li ziqi! tbh i haven't watched much bilibili streamers asides from that one video my cousin showed me a group of streamer friends having failed hotpot and it had the same 'dumb boys being dumb' vibe I wanted for this AU 
 even though ytube is technically banned in china there are still chinese ytubers (thinking specifically about baozi + hana and li ziqi)
Watching Li Ziqi's Youtube videos after I've watched a video about her in Facebook ❤️ I admire her now❤️
Watching Li Ziqi's Youtube videos after I've watched a video about her in Facebook ❤️ I admire her now❤️
top 3 reasons to watch Liziqi 1. the tranquility she brings your soul 2. admiration for the culture and her spectacular way of life 3. "i could totally do that, i just choose not to"
And the video quality on these Li Ziqi videos is insane. It looks like those display programs they have running on the TVs in the store. The programs made specifically to max out the TV's capabilities. It's wild. 
 I have gotten utterly addicted to Li Ziqi: 
 Buzzfeed unsolved, liziqi, chinese series Alab by SB19 
 That always breeds the best entertainment. That’s how I found Liziqi and Steve Wallis, two people I actually really like to watch for the right reasons lol.
 3/ to continually go after people that criticize her without even a LITTLE bit of self awareness or willingness to change. She has no idea why people criticize her. I mean, look at Liziqi. What could you say bad about her? Nothing, she’s an angel and she is showered in love—-
In love w/ Li ZiQi's youtube channel, anyone calling it fake/propaganda better put up their hands 
I really like courtyard spaces- and I really want to plan a space that is similar to what LiZiQi has (YouTube) because I love the water, walkways and garden space around her house. Planning a future garden/outdoor space is so much fun but so overwelming too lol 
Shitty depressing day on Twitter...time to binge watch Liziqi videos 
i love li ziqi so much ugh
history yt gw: on - liziqi - willgoz - masterchef indo - gordon ramsay- any chocolate cake video - stupid kitten video - on
 Is this Liziqi?
 My wind down shows are anything narrated by Sir David Attenborough, Bob Ross (all 31 seasons are on youtube), and Liziqi on youtube (Chinese woman in the mountains who cooks amazing dishes with ingredients she harvests from her land)
 On YouTube, The Repair Shop and The Pottery Throw Down, two series from England that are lovely. Also Chinese YouTuber Li Ziqi. Our whole family watches her videos together to wind down at night.
 Li Ziqi on YouTube. She gardens, forages and cooks in traditional Chinese methods. She does sometimes prepare meat. You don't see her slaughter the animals, but I know meat prep alone can bother some. This one is bamboo (opens with a gentle goat shearing). 
 i just watched a video of liziqi making ink bars and brushes from scratch and i just. im just. lan wangji. hanguang jun.
 Li Ziqi is a famous Chinese YTer who lives in the countryside with her grandmother. This woman can make ANYTHING from anything. Bamboo furniture, mattresses, noodles, beer, sausages, clay ovens, wool cloaks. So beautiful and relaxing
 I have become fully obsessed with Liziqi on youtube; she wanders arounds the countryside gathering ingredients and making elaborate meals/furniture/clothes for her and her grandma from scratch. The music is very comforting!!
 Check out Li Ziqi on YouTube. It's pretty gentile.
 I have the perfect channel. Liziqi on You Tube 
I love watching liziqi. Also she looks like mina 
today's mood is liziqi 
watching dianxi xiaoge to prevent myself from rewatching liziqi's videos for the 192837th time, she's my all time favorite 
 Wait what's wrong with the Liziqi stuff other than it being fake?
 Liziqi helps me sleep 
Is she a digital-native huckster with expensive equipment and a professional camera crew who now makes a killing off her own branded chilli sauces, rustic throws and aforementioned horn-knives? Yes, and yes. Witness the glory of here: 
If you're not stanning idyllic-agrarian-chic postergirl , get thyself to YouTube posthaste and experience the soothing fantasies of rural life that have captured millions. Is it real? Does it matter? It's the best damn thing you'll watch all week. 
 this is gonna be us when we knock on liziqi's door like PLEASE take us in we need to heal in nature
 Emmymadeinjapan is my number one fave. Michelle Khare (the vids where she does extreme challenges, less the occasional makeovers), Liziqi, Peaceful Cuisine/Ryoya Takashima, Cooking Tree, Jun's Kitchen...I watch a lotta food stuff
Ingin hidup bersama Liziqi ☹️☹️☹️ Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
So fascinated with Liziqi’s YT videos. I can watch it all day. Grabe ka stress-free and lingaw. Her place tho.. so chinese-rural type. 
I spent almost 4 hours watching Li Ziqi videos with my extended family after a big family lunch on Sunday and it was super relaxing, but also hilarious as my aunties and uncles provided "valuable commentary" on the effectiveness of the methods/edits etc 
 I argue that Li Ziqi is for women. It's sort of like a silent Barbie movie, but you're given the impression of learning how to cook while watching. Li Ziqi's comment section is filled with Asian females that look up to her as an inspiration. Whereas this girl is the real deal.
 Never forget the Li Ziqi video with the bee honey that was blatantly green screened. She's adorable and her vids are comfy so I cant be too aggressive in my critiques
 Not familiar with Li Ziqi but this video is extremely trad
Y'all familiar with Li Ziqi? What are y'all's opinions? Her videos are so relaxing, and she is individually 厉害 but is she sort of propagating an idea of a rural lifestyle in China that doesn't really exist? I dunno. 
 aunt liziqi please don't fry flowers .....it's break my heart
can someone recommend liziqi to jongin i bet he would love her videos
everyday i want to become liziqi
 Is that a Li Ziqi video?? You're definitely a peaceful person then 
 Try Liziqi's videos on youtube. They are perfectly zen.
 yes farming vlogs TOT i love this channel 
 What kinds of farming vlogs?!? I've been obsessed with beautiful Chinese countryside videos aka Liziqi and dianxi xiaoge
Li Ziqi living her best life at the village, tending her crops and cooking delicious food for her family made me rethink my life decisions
Weekend ni layan video2 liziqi kat youtube. Kagum ok.
Short- term goal : talk less - become more focus and content with life Long-term goal : live a slow-pace life like Li Ziqi - less stress and feel more healthy
 Li Ziqi of China does a great job highlighting traditional crafts and cooking 
watching a liziqi video with tiny and a cat appeared on screen and tiny got super excited for a second and won’t look away from the tv
any li ziqi video has better cinematography than most hollywoo movies
I want Mr. Heang to propose to Li Ziqi, my YouTube Life would be perfect. For those not knowing who I talk about: 
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province 
 Li Ziqi's videos are great for this! Relaxing and the food she makes looks delicious!
Liked on YouTube: Peanut and melon seeds, dried meat, dried fruit, snowflake cake - snacks for Spring Festival|Liziqi 
She is not li ziqi?Beautiful China style girl cooking sheep hoof and tof... 
Behind the scenes with mysterious Chinese internet celebrity Li Ziqi 
Kumiss and Roasted Whole Lamb make you feel like paradise.| Liziqi Channel 
Liziqi's videos have become my healing lately,, what to do if i run out of new videos :((
liziqi for motivation
*liziqi comes to job fair* Job interviewer : can i work for you?
 Definitely Liziqi  check her on Youtube, she is awesome!!!
 4 Introduce Chinese KOL to the world. China isn't lack of online influencers like liziqi or hebeipangzai. There are tens of thousands of them but due to language barrier most have no influence overseas. Tiktok could change that.
Current YouTube obsessions: cookie decorating, dog grooming, power washing, pottery, and Li Ziqi
Liziqi is the best youtuber of all time
~~~ sorry Dianxi Xiaoge, still, Li Ziqi for the win! 
Hey since everyone's on an ancient china kick check out liziqi on youtube! She makes food and clothes using traditional methods. Her videos are 100% Aesthetic. Also she's pretty and VERY strong 
So many channels that are like Liziqi are popping up and im LIVING FOR IT
 ✨ beauty + lifestyle: albinwonderland, iamkareno, lamadelynn ✨ comedy: community channel, nathan zed ✨ cooking: liziqi ✨ hobbies: achievement hunter, lessons from the screenplay
It’s amazing how much gets done in a day. 
 Hello I have already linked him to Li Ziqi but have heard precisely NOTHING BACK and I'm fast losing faith.
 Li Ziqi lived in rural China and grows, harvests and makes e v e r y t h i n g from scratch. Think soy sauce from bean to cup.
 Watching liziqi content
optimal existence: i sleep 23.5 hrs/day. during my 30 conscious minutes i take a shower, watch one (1) li ziqi video, eat two granola bars, and then go back to bed
One of my favorite ppl to watch on YouTube is Liziqi. Her videos so relaxing
Who else here watches Liziqi on YouTube ?
Obsessed with watching ’s You Tube videos. ❤️
 Liziqi videos on YouTube. Beautiful scenery, serene, calming, pretty music. Even more calming than the Great British Bake-off. There’s also usually food and cooking involved. Might be Chinese propaganda, but it’s so pretty!
Liziqi is so calming
 i watch liziqi on youtube! she makes rural(?) cooking videos where all of her ingredients are hand picked and the videos are so beautiful and calming and so nicely edited , here are some screenshots from one of the videos 
 LIZIQI GOT ME ZEN BEFORE BED
 paranoia agent if u like weird for anime. LiZiQi on youtube... idk
WAS ANYONE GOING TO TELL ME LI ZIQI (THE WOMAN WHO POSTS BEAUTIFUL IDYLLIC RURAL HOMESTEADING VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE) USED TO BE A DJ BEFORE SHE MOVED BACK TO THE COUNTRY AND STARTED DOING HER CURENT THING OR NAH
Been lost in a Liziqi blackhole on YT since a couple of days ago. WHOA THIS GIRLLLLL I’M A 37-YEAR-OLD WOMAN WHOSE MOST LABORIOUS DISH IS SINIGANG AND I DON’T EVEN USE REAL SAMPALOC  
i want to live the life of li ziqi is that so much to ask ???
15. พี่ดอก, Rubsarb, Bay Riffer, gssspoted, Liziqi, BoomTharis 16. Backstreet Boys, 1D, Cocktail, Bodyslam, One OK Rock 17. One OK Rock, Genie fest 18. Little Fighter, The Sims 19. Horse, Lion 20. Biology, Gross Anatomy 21. Citrus, Petrichor 22. ชอบแนว Lolitaนะเอาจริง55555
Liziqi humor vers. 
also now im addicted to liziqi vids
I just discovered Liziqi on YouTube and she makes me feel like a useless, lazy, worthless piece of shit. 
Li Ziqi turns corn into a Chinese feast | Goldthread 
 you have to watch li ziqi literally a traditional chinese I C O N who makes *everything* from scratch 
Liziqi channel has lots of cats, but this time she's making a cat-shaped oven! 
EXPOSE YOUR PHONE -megan - good - i don't have it -i don't have it - lol this video of a girl making something cotton from scratch - li ziqi - the ratlo gc  - amber heard - megan - sam corlett who is dada - yes - yes - no -  - adam driver Emoji for the questions
Top 3 Youtubers from China, Li ziqi, Ms yeah and Dianxi xiaoge are female, 90s, and focus on food. This isn't a coincidence . All of them have the most important elements to become popular: Youth, beauty and food.
Current addiction: watching Li Ziqi's videos How come I never knew this channel exists??? It's so soothing to watch  
Keith has one of those channels where he does not talk at all and just shows people his mixed heritage by showing like him training in traditional galra martial arts, or foraging in the desert with Kosmo. (Inspiration for this is Li Ziqi whoch i heavily recommended looking up)
 You should invite Li Ziqi over.
BITCH MY GF LIZIQI AND I
Check out this tweet from KimBrow16162450: esLiuzhou "Luosifen": Slurpy, Spicy, and Absolutely Satisfying | Liziqi Ch... 
 esLiuzhou "Luosifen": Slurpy, Spicy, and Absolutely Satisfying | Liziqi Ch... 
 Markiplier, the try guys, solarsido, eso, liziqi
I’ve actually seen it in one of Li Ziqi’s videos. Apparently scorched rice is a whole thing in Asia. Some kind of street food.
Mesmerizing....Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Liziqi's videos are the most tranquil, relaxing videos ever. They make me feel so warm inside
 IDK how I could forget her, the stuff she pulls off is next level. If you like Li Ziqi, you'll like Dianxi Xiaoge. almost the same idea, different styles - but equally badass.
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
liziqi hasn't uploaded for 2 weeks i'm worried
watching a Li Ziqi’s youtube channel is my kind of stress reliever 
Check out the story of Li Ziqi: Top YouTube influencer from China with 8.7M subscribers 
Ya'll should watch Liziqi. Period
If you've never seen a video from Liziqi on youtube, what are you even doing with your life? This is the most incredible youtube channel I have ever watched. I'm serious here, go watch one video and tell me this is not the most awesome content to watch. 
 Backsound Liziqi Channel
Been watching a lot of liziqi videos lately and I desperately wanted to cook something with the szszszsz sound so I added eggs to my leftover fried rice :) 
Am obsessing over 李子柒 Liziqi Youtube channel
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
gotta step up my game save up to buy a farm and aspire to live like li ziqi
 Nonton liziqi g? You must be sooooooo in love with her activity :((
I can spend all day long watching this. Xiaoge and liziqi channels are lit.♡ 
Also by , this very good profile of the soft power play of 'traditional Chinese rural life' influencer, Li Ziqi 
A friend just upload the pic of his newborn daughter on my fb timeline...and his friend commented "selamatttt! Mana fotonya???" Lah lo Kira foto yang barusan apa mba? Bobo-nya Liziqi?? Some people ya...
Liziqi that’s the tweet
Ibe been watching this woman named Liziqi on YouTube and I legit want to live like her one day.
My new article is out now YouTube Commentary: "李子柒 Liziqi" -- Nature and Internet Celebrity in the Time of the Coronavirus 
my family is OBSESSED with liziqi and maybe thats why we're all so ... not lazy lately
oh to be Jonna or liziqi :c
liziqi，Do you wear clothes made of grape skin？(3) ？Your subscription is ... 
liziqi，Do you wear clothes made of grape skin？(2) ？Your subscription is ... 
liziqi，Do you wear clothes made of grape skin?，，，Your subscription is my... 
Between only having 1 day off in the span of a month and the Iowa caucuses and the general state of the world... can't decide if I want to go off the grid in the woods and live my life like Li Ziqi or light everything on fire.
Watching Liziqi videos is too memorizing
My own suggestions for female YouTubers that haven't been mentioned multiple times already: *hilarious* dressmaking Li Ziqi Blissfully calm rural China BTS West End vlogs Factual but not lecturey
Liziqi is become my lyfegoal now! Well, minus farming pig and goat and duck and chicken. Just living in rural area and eating from my garden. No need youtube channel, too much work on edit video.
 Country life: the young female farmer who is now a top influencer in China 
 Rikki Poynter - deaf awareness, mental health, feminism Liziqi - Cooking, life in China province, lifestyle Honeykiki - cooking
thanks to showing me li ziqi videos now i have a new goal in life : looking pretty and elegant as i cut bamboos or woods to build my own handmade throne
Story of Li Ziqi: Top YouTube influencer from China with 8.7M subscribers - 
How an online influencer Li Ziqi boosted a stock price by 326% - 
Unnerved by fears of the coronavirus, the Chinese have found a way to pass the time that also inspires the spirit: watching videos that romanticize an idyllic rural past. The most popular YouTube channel in the genre is . 
 Aww it is true.. I am a big addict.. these girls ❤️
How an online influencer Li Ziqi boosted a stock price by 326% 
How an online influencer Li Ziqi boosted a stock price by 326% 
Story of Li Ziqi: Top YouTube influencer from China with 8.7M subscribers 
 Azzyland aiu thumbnail Liziqi jessica kam avatar bin 
Currently obsessed with Liziqi videos. THIS is what an Internet influencer should be about, holy fuck.
cant stop watching li ziqi and jonna jinton’s videos and wishing i was back home. even if my home isnt as rurual as that i just miss the open fields and eating wild berries and ugh
Someone put me in touch with Li Ziqi. I’m stupidly in love with her and her videos.
 My Chinese friend recommends Liziqi on YouTube for relaxation. Seems strange, but it works.
Liziqi has set my standards for wife material 
Sometimes i wonder hows liziqi doing
How Crypto Could Help YouTubers Monetize Globally Li Ziqi is a Chinese blogger who is famous for her videos about food. Her videos are mostly shot in the Chinese countryside, and feature tranquil rural... 
Chinese blogger Li Ziqi's story is a successful example of user-generated content breaking out and crossing borders. It’s also a major opportunity for cryptocurrency. 
Li Ziqi Provides an Escape from Urban Life  South China Morning Post 
Picking Out Blooming Flowers to Make Aromatic Dew|Liziqi Channel 
Is li ziqi real? Is it possible for a human being to be good at everything?
 - Assignment 2 Research (Programming Trends): "Li Ziqi, 29, has garnered millions of followers with her videos of her idyllic life in rural Sichuan. Is she too good to be true?" - The Guardian (VIDEO) | 
 Look at liziqi on YouTube. Bro her videos are so calming. I literally cried watching the wool video simply because I wish my life were that peaceful
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province 
 Tina's is soooo lovely :) I will check on liziqi! Thank YOU as well, I'm glad I could help!
MOM WENT UP TO ME LIKE hey look at this youtuber she makes really nice videos that I think u would like AND SHE SHOWED ME LI ZIQI
icb everyone is suddenly talking about daria again on the tl this is giving me major junior high AND high school flashbacks like back then ppl had daria phases multiple times.. i think no one talked about it during university bc everyone was busy watching liziqi vids
 If you like this go on YouTube and search “Liziqi” she does basically the same amazing content and it’s so soothing. And also the work she puts in is ridiculous.
 Can’t wait for the Liziqi/Lizzo collaboration later this year...
 Liziqi/dianxi versi grandma
 liziqi, dianxi xiaoge, hidamari cooking, seodam cooking tree are some of the best relaxing cooking shows
Yall ever thought that miss Liziqi would make a great disciple of Cloud Recesses? Just me? K.
Liziqi is.... the only YouTuber ever
 folks who like this will probably also enjoy liziqi: 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 If you like her you can check out liziqi on YouTube, she cooks in a rural part of China where she does a lot of the farming and cooking herself with her grandmother
i’m gonna be the li ziqi of new jersey
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province 
I have found Liziqi's youtube channel and now I'm watching her harvest crops to cook wholesome traditional foods for her grandma while questioning everything about my life 
 u win, i went training, washed a heap of clothes and spent an unhealthy amount of time on Li Ziqi instagram. no, i did not get married. a very unremarkable day. 
 Omg she is so sweet and her smile at the end!! I kind of imagine her to be the future version of Li Ziqi.
*watching a li Ziqi video* me: man, what I wouldn’t do to be a farmer living off the land in rural China.... Also me: has a bajillion chronic and mental illnesses that make making a sandwich complicated
 Love your videos Liziqi! Thank you 
 You should check out Liziqi!! She does stuff like this too from scratch, she loves in rural Chinese valleys 
 If you all enjoyed this, I'd suggest Liziqi on youtube. Her videos are magical, soothing masterpieces.
In the midst of the Wuhan coronavirus, we have this wholesome comment on a Li Ziqi video. My faith in humanity has been restored. 
rmr when i would watch li ziqi videos for hours at a time for like a month straight 
 You all have to watch Liziqi's youtube channel, she's a woman who can do anything, even make mattresses, grills, clothes etc. And the video really helps our minds.
I literally can’t stop watching Li ziqi’s videos like I want to have that life. I think I need to move to the mountains of China
Li Ziqi is really on some other kind of level. All her videos are amazing! 
I just wanna eat everything Liziqi makes with all them sauces and spices and 
All in tonight. Did a steam with eucalyptus oil, drinking another concoction, relaxing by the fire to Liziqi videos and I’m gonna boil more water for facecloth facial masks. I neeeeed to get better. I’m over this.
 This is so therapeutic to watch. If y’all like these type of videos check out Liziqi on YouTube her videos are so interesting to watch.
 liziqi does better
Recently, only Liziqi can cure my tiredness.
 She looks like Liziqi to me
lrt reminds me of liziqi’s videos  i love watching them they’re so relaxing
I fucking hate making ANYTHIng ! Fuck this EP! Fuck these clothes ! I’m done dude I wanna make furniture out of bamboo like li ziqi and use soap nuts in a tiny pouch
I hope Li ZiQi and her grammy and Penjie and her family are all well and safe from the virus. The only Queens from the mainland that I stan
Up relatively early for a Saturday morning. Gonna make WAFFLES and zone out to Li Ziqi videos 
I've really been watching liziqi on YT the whole day
One of my favourite YouTube channels ever is 李子柒 Liziqi! You really need to check her out, she's the most dreamy person ever! （羊羔毛斗篷)Weaving a Cloack with Fluffy and Soft Lambswool, Never Dread Wint... 
This is so random but while watching Liziqi, I keep on thinking how I want Yixing to marry her 
Yeyyy managed to make babah subscribe to liziqi, dianxi and haegreendal 
Li Ziqi is my one true love
Extraordinary. Chinese online star provides an escape from urban life. Beautiful video worth your 6 min to watch: 
Liziqi Amazing Recipe With Pork Cooking 
 My mental self-care is videos from Liziqi. She is in rural China and makes these incredible, mostly silent videos, of her doing all kinds of things like cooking, making a cape from natural materials, and making sorts of things (all from scratch). They are beautiful fascinating.
Tonight’s menu is Pancheros burritos with Ginger milk steamed custard Liziqi style
 I knew before clicking the link it was li ziqi she s on some other kinda level
Team Liziqi has donated face masks, medical gloves, safety goggles, and protective clothing to hospitals fighting the in China 
if dianxia opened a youtube channel he could be as successful as Liziqiㅠㅠ
 I love her videos so much. Are you looking for her name? It’s Li Ziqi (Chinese: 李子柒)
cant stop watching liziqi's videos
Gonna Binge watch liziqi’s videos with a cuppa tea to heal my soul. I hope she grandma are well healthy :’)
Is this song an ost?i feel like it will go well as a background to a liziqi video
if u know LiZiqi and been watching what shes been doing in her life, lets be friends
Kumiss and Roasted Whole Lamb make you feel like paradise.| Liziqi Channel 
 friends! I love watching videos on YouTube and gave in to buying her salted duck egg yolk sauce. I don’t know many who’d like it but I love it. It has a kind of “ocean” taste to it. Now I want to learn how to make it. Has anyone tried? 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celebrity 
this is a Li ZiQi stan account
From Li Ziqi: Thank you, all front-line medical staff, and please protect yourself, hoping everything will be better. 
Li Ziqi has donated more than 20000 N95 masks, more than 1000 protective clothing, more than 10000 medical gloves, and a small number of goggles to hospitals in Hubei and Zhejiang. 
I've just discovered liziqi on YouTube and this is exactly my dream life. I love this lifestyle I think it's fascinating. I know its impossible for me and that id never be able to live like this but I'm allowed to dream and have fantasies and this is it 
 Up to now, Liziqi has donated a total of 20,260 N95 masks, 10,000 medical surgical masks, more than 10,000 medical gloves, more than 1,000 protective clothing, and a few goggles to hospitals in Hubei and Zhejiang. Materials are still being coordinated and donations will continue.
Picking Out Blooming Flowers to Make Aromatic Dew|Liziqi Channel 
Learn to cook Good food...  . 
 I remembered a time when I was young and my mom taught me how to cook food from scratch.( it was either that or tv dinners.) when she wasn't, around. seeing videos like LiziQi Channel gives me a chance to enjoy cooking from scratch again. thanks, Lizi. 
 liziqi is Chinese not korean
 You're already searching a bride for joonie  ? Also are you talking about Liziqi ?? Coz I think the same thing when I see her videos
I'm imagining Modern and all i can think of is that she'd be like Liziqi making all of these beautiful and stunning and so aesthetically pleasing YT vids and i like the idea of her using her creativety and knowledge to make things that people usually choose to buy..
 I can't recommend Liziqi for this purpose enough... 
liziqi for motivation
 Expected this result, because Li Ziqi does have nearly 9mm YouTube subscribers, after all, and her mostly wordless videos require no translation. 
Today I discovered Li Ziqi, and life will only be better for it.
{Chinese Life} The internet sensation, 李子柒 (Lǐ Zǐqī) Li Ziqi, has captured the hearts of millions. Read all about her here: 
 Same after watching her videos I suddenly understood wwx and his farming desire  I too, would like to live that kind of life after watching liziqi :')
u know at first I was a bit ?? abt wwx's whole domestic farming daydream bc every time I've had to stay on a farm it's been.... unpleasant....but then I watched a bunch of liziqi vids and suddenly I Got It
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life. 
 Also, if you can watch youtube, both Liziqi and Angry Homecafe (yedy101) are entertaining in a relaxing way
i’m truly tryna get like Li Ziqi
Meet Li Ziqi. The 29-year-old is one of China’s biggest social media stars. She has 22 million followers on the microblogging site Weibo, 34 million on Douyin, and another 8.3 million on YouTube (which is banned in China). 
liziqi is what I admire to be
 thank yoU~! C: you ever seen those videos by Liziqi? I just saw one earlier where she was doing embroidery and wow I wanna be that good XD
gonna watch liziqi videos to motivate myself
I'm 10 years younger than Liziqi 
We got a new tv so we moved the old one into the bedroom and now I get to watch Liziqi videos in bed
“Country Life: The Young Female Farmer Who Is Now A Top Influencer In China”, The Guardian ( 
Li Ziqi video's are litteraly everything
I love Liziqi's videos because they are so chill and calm, and right when you think you're about to reach zen a goat out of frame goes BAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
I'm kind of obsessed with 's videos. There's something so calming about them, and I never get bored watching them.
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province | Adpulp 
 has donated 20k N95 masks, 10k surgical masks, 1300+ hazmat suits and 10k+ medical gloves, to 5 hospitals of 3 provinces. 
should have listened to my youtube recommendations earlier, how many liziqi's videos I could have already watched
Liziqi, my love
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
For , alum (MA Arts and Culture '19) writes about Li Ziqi, the young female farmer who is now a top influencer in China. 
Exploring the popularity of Chinese rural lifestyle vlogger Li Ziqi for The Guardian today. 
Meet Li Ziqi, A Bohemian Chic Capitalist from the Mountains of Sichuan Province 
The greatest YouTuber in the world right now is a Chinese woman by the name of Liziqi. Her videos are actual art, there's story and warmth there. There's little to no English translation but it honestly doesn't matter. You connect anyway.
 Oh just from the descriptions I knew yall were talking about my girl Li Ziqi
Anyone else trying to move to rural china to live like that bitch li ziqi
 , videos are amazing! 
 can do so many things from start to finish. 
EVERYBODY should watch Liziqi’s yt vids  most calming thing ever
 No, you are not wrong. You’re right. What this guy is dong right now is just a way to copy ‘Li Ziqi’s model’ but a different story.
Adam talking about Li Ziqi is worlds colliding that should have remained apart
There is one girl, her youtube channel is liziqi does something like this and somehow it is so calming.
So obsessed with Liziqi's vlogs :(
 if you liked this you should check out li ziqi on youtube!! one of my favorites is her making soy sauce from scratch over the course of 2 years 
 I'm gonna disturb you..Meet Liziqi 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
i just want to know how this liziqi get so great in doing everythinhhhhgggggggg hNnnnggggggghh
The comments under liziqi’s videos are so incredibly insufferable
 come live with me brax ill take u in and we can recreate liziqi dishes every night
oh to literally be liziqi and live off the land in the mountains of rual china
 Omg is that liziqi in the bg
I want to marry the YouTuber, Li Ziqi, but I am 100% absolutely not good enough for her
me: *gets anxious cooking meat* liziqi: *can do anything* me: liziqi can do anything... she'd want me to make chicken biryani rn
 If you like this kind of videos, go check out Li Ziqi’s channel on YouTube !! It’s so relaxing and informative about the traditional ways of China 
I watch LiziQi do this all night on YouTube  I love her
 my bbygrl Liziqi — on YouTube does real things as such 
 You'd probably really like Li Ziqi's videos! She's a country life blogger and I find her videos really relaxing and peaceful!
Been watching for hours on and it’s been the most relaxing Sunday morning ever.
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
Watch "Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life" on YouTube 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Let me ask you, what would you eat on snowy days if not hot pot? ▎Snowy days goes well with hot pot "Li Ziqi Channel" via 
What explains Chinese vlogger Li Ziqi's success 
 totally see you in her ‍♀️Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 twitter , what's been the top three topics at gatherings over the long CNY weekend for you? For me it's been: 1) Wuhan Coronavirus 2) Rural life Chinese YouTube star Liziqi 3) New fintech players - Revolut v Youtrip
Because of Liziqi, i want to have my own garden too. 
Li Ziqi is the most powerful human being alive
 Have you ever seen Liziqi on YouTube? She has the same kitchen and it’s super detailed and it honestly works wonders for helping my anxiety level decrease.
 its liziqi toni, not pippi
The comment section in one of Liziqi’s videos.  
Just want to share my favorite youtube channel. She’s Liziqi and her videos are really stunning and calming. Her videos helped me a lot whenever i feel stressed. Her videos arent the typical videos you see nowadays. She’s really one of a kind. 
i love watching liziqi's videos.....they put me in such a peaceful mood
 Have you ever watched Li Ziqi's videos on YouTube? She makes everything from scratch, clothing, food, it is so interesting and I find her videos meditative.
ugh I been watching this Liziqi channel on YT all their food stuff and it's giving me big cravings for some Chinese~
Been obsessed with Liziqi videos on YouTube. I've watched some of them multiple times. What a wholesome human ❤️
a thought abt Liziqi tho i don't understand why ppl r so hell-bent about questioning her real life situation; fake or not her videos easily shows the amount of research, details hard work that goes into them. The aesthetics alone deserves 110% of the fame she got.
i love liziqi's videos but also i don't trust her, her hands are way too pretty for all the work that she supposedly do every single day
I want to live like liziqi
my mom addicted to liziqi's video now..
 Hi Liziqi, good morning
 
If anyone wants some peaceful/aesthetic/wholesome content you should watch li ziqi’s videos on YouTube. I’ve literally watched every single video
The Life of Cotton.  
The only youtuber i religiously watch is Liziqi, her videos are just so soothing for me, she's an absolute legend yall should watch her if you're not already 
 I watch liziqi’s vids and bts funny cute moments on yt  also if you’re a writer and even if you aren’t, it helps to get out your thoughts by writing it down if you don’t have someone in particular to talk to☺️
 If you would like some soothing videos, I suggest Peaceful Cuisine and liziqi on YouTube. They always help me unwind and focus.
tell me why im watching liziqi’s channel instead of doin my pr tutorial exercise :’))
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Rustic charms of Sichuan country life via influencer Li Ziqi 
pretty damn amazing woman. Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 watch LiZiqi yt channel. soothing and gorgeous cinematography
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
i just ate a chicken pot pie while watching liziqi videos so i'm at peak chill rn. anxiety? i don't know her
You know why nobody equals Liziqi ? She is literally versatile, multitalented. She cooks, plants, sings, makes furnitures, clothes, calligraphy, papyrus paper, EVERYTHING by herself with her two hands and with her whole heart. She is UNIQUE. The most independant soul out there!
 Hard to tell, especially when the Facebook page that the channel links, is one of about 7 different liziqi pages.
 I always wonder about liziqi. She posts on weibo or something, so is the YouTube channel even run by her? Is it just a fan repost?
I really enjoy the youtube channels liziqi and grandpa amu, but I also feel like they must be propaganda channels for the PRC because otherwise how would they be on YouTube?
would u guys support me if I turned my twitter into a Liziqi stan acct y/n
I spent the morning discovering Liziqi’s videos and now I must escape to the country side and grow all of my own food and make my own wool cloaks while a baby lamb follows behind me
weeks ago i found dad streaming to jisun, now its li ziqi  
李子柒 Liziqi's videos are like a breath of fresh air
 Mixed powder of adzuki bean and sticky rice. This product was promoted by Chinese youtuber Li Ziqi.
I watch a lot of travel and foodie videos on YouTube because I love both. Many of them with locations in Asia so my recommended feed started pickup up content from Li Ziqi depicting life in rural China. I'm hooked.
 Liziqi is amazing, have seen her furniture builds too.
*Me when I’ve been even slightly productive*: I can watch a little Liziqi... as a treat...
 QHHFJDJDID me watching liziqi vids when I'm neck deep in final projects n wondering how feasible it would b to just fake my death n retreat to the jungle.......
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 I don't know if this would work but before I started taking antidepressants, when I got really depressed I would watch Li Ziqi and similar videos to take my mind off of things and calm me down
Next time someone asks me what 1 item or person I'd bring w/me to survive on a deserted island, I'm picking the effortlessly elegant . Sorry , , - but Liziqi's gotta be the most capable human on the planet. 
Dang Liziqi is my new favorite late night channel to just constantly play
I've been watching 's videos since last summer. It's always a joy to watch. They're so soothing. She's incredible. She's a cook, a seamstress, a carpenter, .. She does it all! She's amazing... 
i’ve been watching liziqi for about 2 years now and i only discovered that she has a twitter account twitter please go watch ’s videos on youtube bc she is a fuckin boss
liziqi youtube is,,,,, so lovely to watch
Liziqi, saviour, im coming
Liziqi deserved 100 million subscribers
 This is liziqi, she's a Chinese farmer and her videos are just her making food and clothes and other stuff!! It's relaxing to watch but fun too 
 is the Li Ziqi of the beauty community
I have never known a zen quite like watching Liziqi on YouTube 
（年夜大餐）Various techniques for a NYE dinner,for a happy reunion with family and friends|Liziqi channel 
li ziqi. how in the fuckery fuck did i get this far in life without knowing about this person?
i was fully unprepared for liziqi to just whip out her guitar and start singing like an angel in this video. please respect my privacy in these trying times
Nothing is as therapeutic as watching YouTuber Liziqi content. Living her rural fairytale life making her own clothes from scratch, making her wool and collecting her berries and vegetables from the forest near her small wooden home. Her resourcefulness is a dream
Under the influence of online celebrities, such as Li Ziqi, Chinese holidaymakers relive traditions for Chinese Lunar New Year. 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
Liziqi lives the life I wish to live and it’s not fair 
Liziqi stopped captioning her videos in English :(
Behind the scenes with mysterious Chinese internet celebrity Li Ziqi 
liziqi making peaceful liziqi taking and helpful cooking shelfish and videos cooking them alive 
 I love Liziqi. She is a Chinese girl who does a lot of craftsmanship with her hands as well as traditional cooking. Very serene and relaxing.
 Who doesn't like Li Ziqi Check out DianXiXiaoGe too, she makes amazing Yunnan cusine.
Making Use of Every Part of the Lotus: Flowers, Leaves, and Roots | Liziqi Channel 
So late to the Li Ziqi party, but the content is excellent. Traditional China’s blend of Primitive Technology LonelyGirl15. The beautifully crafted character must be backed by a well funded creative team, but the agrarian escapism is nonetheless perfect 
 I eat a paleo based diet yet watch asmr mukbang of people that eat junk food/ mostly unhealthy food ... it’s never tempting but it’s now how I fall asleep. That and Liziqi Videos 
Few yt vids I enjoy x The Elliot Homestead 
The Jade Emperor lifted up his people if you want an indication of his impression. You can watch Liziqi channel.
This episode is absolutely amazing: Li Ziqi started from planting seeds, went on to pick cotton, and then processed cotton balls using bow and string, and finally making cotton quilt for grandma: 
 Li Ziqi. She’s a Chinese YouTuber who makes the most beautiful videos surrounding her daily life in the mountains of Sichuan province.
Online celebrity vlogger has posted a video of herself fluffing cotton, attracting a lot of attention online. From sowing cotton seeds to its harvest, the super talented Li Ziqi shows us the whole process of making traditional Chinese bedding. Have you watched it yet? 
im vv amazed w liziqi's skills
 I love Jun's Kitchen and the BA test kitchen, Liziqi makes some of the best videos I've ever seen in YouTube tbh love her
 How are we all secretly watching aetbrestoration videos and Liziqi being a queen up in the mountains I feel so seen I like Dollightful, she does doll customization videos, she’s the only doll customizer I really enjoy who goes super in depth about her entire process :3
watching Liziqi again...... why am i not living in the country with a huge garden and at least ten animals
What are some of your favorite YouTube channels that create high quality, original / interesting content? I love Zefrank (the Tru Facts about [animal] guy), Baumgartner Fine Art Restoration and Liziqi (Chinese farmer girl) Please no “YouTubers”. You know what I mean lol
Liziqi's channel is one of the most legitimately calming and wonderful things I've ever found on youtube.
liziqi: anything me: 
Finding this channel is like finding a treasure ♥️ 李子柒 Liziqi 
In true Liziqi form, she plants the cotton plants from seed, transplants them, harvests the cotton, and then repairs the equipment before making a mattress pad. And then a little one for her dog omg the cute at the end… 
00.30 perfect time for watchin some liziqi videos.
thankful to have discovered Liziqi's tranquil youtube channel: Chores done in rural China in high quality video sound. Cooking and handicrafts.
Super talented 
Me: I need to sleep. Also me: *watch LiZiQi grow cotton and hand-made her nainai's bed cover*
 FOOD: ‍cooking, baking (gbbo), filleting (Kimagure Cook), farm to table/ASMR  (Dianxi Liziqi). Historical romance:cravats! Reno tv shows: Before After , Income Property . ‍SciShow. Manga/anime mostly shounen but am watching Fruit Basket on Netflix. ️️LOTR, MCU etc
She grew her own cotton to make a pillow top/comforter for her Grams and her dog!!!!! Incredible. I love so much. These are the types of people that should be famous. Not those drama filled influencers and youtubers. 
Always Thanks to you LiZiQi 
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
but srsly ugh liziqi my fairy
absolutely no one: liziqi: gna grow a cotton farm and make a mattress 
NEW LIZIQI VIDEO AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
Liziqi is so cool 
damn my two fave youtubers dianxi xiaoge and liziqi updated tonight
 It's a video montage but it's real. I'm from the same province with her and my grandma planted as many vegetables as liziqi did. She does have a team to help shooting but her life can be said real.
 Foo the flowerhorn Shu and tree Lucas the spider Liziqi
 hanse li ziqi and cooking tree are the bomb i’m telling you i could watch their video for hours on end
With followed by 40+ million fans globally, a quick training system focusing on internet celebrity with low costs, backed by some investors, has already evolved in China. 
According to Merdian Capital, a China's investor backed Weinian (the operator of Liziqi), the biggest difference between valuable MCNs and personal studios is the replicability and ceiling height of internet celebrities.
Foo the flowerhorn, Kiwami, and Li Ziqi are some of the best yt channels to relax to
Due to the popularity of online celebrity and the idyllic life she promotes, many Chinese tourists choose to go on rural-themed tours for the . Meanwhile, many young people are also traveling alone for the holiday. 
The discourse surrounding pastoral-life vlogger Li Ziqi tends to gravitate towards her international popularity, but is she misleading her Chinese fans by minimizing the harshness of rural life? 
 If you need to imagine a simpler peaceful life, Liziqi is great and so interesting. It’s also a good stress reliever!
This is my other favorite liziqi video. I like to pretend that this lifestyle is how heath ledger and I live happily free from society on brokeback mountain. 
Li ziqi preparing for the spring festival is the most important video you can watch. How does she make such restorative films? Depression cured. We stan a legend of nature and peaceful domesticity. 
 
“One Li Ziqi is equal to ten Central Propaganda Departments.” Internet celebrity Li Ziqi has a following of over 20 million worldwide. Netizens are pointing out that Chinese authorities are trying to leverage Li’s influence to bolster their image. 
 Lool i can relate. Some are usually good tho. Came across a Chinese woman's video on there sometime last year and i have been hooked ever since. Name'd 'Liziqi' btw.
 have you ever looked at liziqi's videos
I wish there were more channels like Liziqi's for different cultures... her videos are so gorgeous and I wanna see how that lifestyle could be done in other parts of the world too
Marathon watching Liziqi channel ... fairy lady ahh she living a dream life ;;;
 they rly do omg it's been tough this past week and it's either liziqi or that channel (or sometimes ba lol) that calms me down
 SignDuo - super sweet couple and I'm wanting to lean sign again. Adorable puppy Liziqi - incredible video/sound quality. I can't explain why I like it so much other than that feeling of just wanting to get away. DissociaDID - learn more about DID and debunk assumptions
From Li Ziqi's assistant: A little incident while working bamboo peels 
 I’VE BEEN BINGE WATCHING ALL OF THESE!! I wish I was Li Ziqi!
Watching a little to wind down before bedtime 
I really need to remind myself to watch 李子柒 Liziqi YouTube videos more often. I get so motivated to create from watching her do these wondrous, amazing things.
other channels with the energy of Foo the Flowerhorn: HANSE, Li Ziqi, Hidamari, Cooking Tree, Rescue and Restore, Kiwami, Shilitv, the CineScaper, Matthew Posa the trend on youtube of quiet things to watch as you're going to bed is my favourite trend
So Liziqi is literally the perfect human-being?
just wanna be a chinese girl living in the mountains growing my own fruit and veg cooking for my grandma is that too much to ask for youtube user liziqi
Watching Li ziqi videos makes me want that life q w q
 Pewdiepie, Isaiah Hightower, liziqi, Jenna Marbles, 2idiots, the j dance center, edvasian, jojospotlight
Yo I do not understand these bitches who can coherently regulate the temperature of their pan what the fuck there's no goop in these pancakes what??? Liziqi help???
Thanks a lot for Liziqi. I have motivation to live my own life again. I hope u receive a lot of love from people around u. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
China’s Countryside Is Drastically Different From Youtube Star Li Ziqi’s ‘La-La Land’ 
China’s Countryside Is Drastically Different From Youtube Star Li Ziqi’s ‘La-La Land’ 
 PS: Hot-Pot during cold winter days (Liziqi) made me think of yours and Toms Sunday ritual with hot-pot!! He'He.
Thanks to I now fell down the Liziqi rabbit (youtube) hole as well. Can't stop watching her videos! Such as this: 
Just fell down the Liziqi hole and can’t stop watching her videos, but I have so many questions; is this real? Or is she an actress? Is this all created by a big production company? How does she know how to do everything? Either way I’m hooked. 
Liziqi on YouTube
 LIZIQI IS A TRUE GOAL HAYSS
I found my future wife through youtube recommendations, she is a fairy living in this world, she goes by liziqi... She has 8 mn subscribers it's gonna be a though competition but I'm ready to defeat them and take her hand in marriage
Incase you were looking for a new YouTuber to subscribe to for ASMR contents, Search for "Liziqi" and thank me later ..
 Speaking of food vids on You Tube, check out Liziqi some time. Beautiful videos.
Food for the Soul. For millions, Chinese internet star Li Ziqi's videos of her tranquil rural life are a calming escape. Here's why. 
Our guilty pleasure: Watching internet sensation Li Ziqi cook - 
Me: "Ok today is the day I finally edit these 12 blog posts that have been sitting on my laptopn for the past 3 months." Also Me: "But let's watch some Liziqi first while I drink my coffee" 
･  Movie of Liziqi Smile on Facebook ⬇️ 
 soothifying-sounds-asmr: Xiao Chou (Drown One’s Sorrows) cover by 李子柒 Liziqi 
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
The only thing keeping me sane after coming home from marathon insanity work days are watching peaceful serene Liziqi videos. Behold- 
 I love liziqi--she's so cool!! Everything she does/makes is inspiring... 
Watching Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge both make me extremely hungry, even if I'm currently eating/just eaten 
is liziqi single i just wanna marry her
I just published a video, in the same style like video. Winter Out In 
 Not sure that is possible as Twitch turns Turkish Chads into degenerate malding incels who’d rather eat the chip and watch Li Ziqi videos than socialize with women.
I would die for liziqi
3am and I’m watching Liziqi cook chilli fish heads.  
Ingenious! I love her! ❤️
i wanna move into a little off-grid cabin and live off the land like li ziqi but then how will i listen to 1998 truman fifteen times a day?
Liziqi: /sees this/ ok challenge accepted. Stay tune for a step by step DIY flying dragon with flaming breath.
Thanking Li Ziqi on YouTube for the decent sleep I’ve been getting lately. Her videos are calming and puts me to bed like a baby! I just wish I understood a word she says
The year is 2020 and Americans need to start watching Li Ziqi
 Restoration vids are EXCELLENT for relaxing. :D Watching something have new life breathed into it? Mwah. And I’ve never heard of liziqi! But I hear ya on bonappetit ☺️
 I watch cooking videos! Mainly bonappetit or liziqi, and sometimes I watch painting restoration videos
Our guilty pleasure: Watching internet sensation Li Ziqi cook - 
Do you watch Li Ziqi's cooking videos? 
Liziqi’s traditional Chinese cooking videos have gone viral. Now over 8 million subscribers on and 50 million in China. Pretty amazing stuff. 
 vows to eradicate poverty by the end of 2020. In addition to preferential policies and financial aid, young Chinese in areas like the world famous Vlogger also strive to escape poverty. 
 vidio liziqi channel I like so much.
If y’all enjoyed this video watch my girl Liziqi on youtube!! her videos show the way she cooks from the very beginning like this one and they’re aesthetically pleasing. almost asmr
Wanghong, or "internet celebrities", whether they are young or old, male or female, become famous and get many followers for various reasons. One Chinese internet star is , who is famous for her country life videos on . 
The last 12 months saw an increasing number of wanghong, or "internet celebrities" of all shapes and sizes, young and old, male and female, go viral as they attracted followers with their charisma. 
 *liziqi whoops
 cat-eye-nebula: Source: Ten Miles of Peach Blossoms | Liziqi channel 
 I love watching liziqi on YouTube, the videography is really pretty, the music very relaxing and she just makes amazing things, or rather she makes staple (Chinese things) but in a very old fashioned way and it’s super relaxing.
watching liziqi new vid and knitting :3 a sorely needed break, so that tomorrow i can Bang out the Bang fic QAQ 
Li Ziqi is on another level, she made everything from scratch. Her DIY skill is top notch and never fail to amaze me 
 i love your videos and you liziqi 
I recently discovered Chinese video logger , whose short takes on country living have been mesmerizing more than 7 million subscribers on .com along with many other followers in China. After one episode, I also became a fan. 
 OMG, I own this on a DVD I bought from PBS years ago. It's a wonder it hasn't melted, I've played it so much. You should check out Jonna Jinton or Li Ziqi. I find them both mesmerizing.
 Have you seen the Li Ziqi videos?
 No, it's more or less a very unsophisticated way of imitating Li Ziqi's “success” of impressing foreigners with unofficial voices.
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 Breathe! I started follow Liziqi on youtube yesterday just to escape and remember that there is something to a simple life. I won't have one, but there's something to it. Hang in there!
I hope liziqi finds a man that suits her personality, encourages her, protects her, helps her loves her unconditionally.
Lap Mei claypot rice | pig maw and chicken soup with pepper Liziqi Channel 
Check out Li ziqi's video...amazing !!!
Liziqi is such a role model! She is so knowledgable in everything that she did~~
Chinese internet celebrity Li Ziqi, known for her videos of country life, has donated 100 computers to 9 primary schools in the remote County near her hometown. Last week, 's team denied a media report that estimated her annual income at 160 million yuan. 
, a popular Chinese vlogger with a humongous international fan base, who earns an estimated revenue of million yearly from her videos, donated 100 computers to 9 rural primary schools in SW China's Beichuan Qiang Autonomous County: RedStar News. 
do not trust boys who do not stan li ziqi i repeat do not trust boys who do not know who li ziqi is
the way li ziqi is a ghibli stan first, powerful forest fairy goddess second ✨ 
 nessie judge, ria sw, morges, liziqi
 How did a girl from China become an international internet star in Rural... 
 AAA I RLY LIKE cooking tree, peaceful cuisine and liziqi (kinda asmr right...)  YOU? ✨
Went to ikea, bought a closet, carried it home by myself and installed it alone makes me realise how strong liziqi is. I was practically dragging the boxes and cried when i got home. I should learn making sustainable furnitures too... except the materials... 
is peter greenaway hiding out in china filming liziqi vids or what? their composition, framing and attention to color are so similar, it makes me so happy
（年夜大餐）Various techniques for a NYE dinner, for a happy reunion with family... Chinese New Year is coming! Come with Liziqi channel to know more about Chinese culture. 
Liziqi got new video!
Whenever I'm having a rough day, watching any of 李子柒 Liziqi's videos blisses me right out. 
I religiously watch every new video from Liziqi the moment they drop, bts who
 li ziqi, dian xi, brave wilderness and ace videos
Cool and sweet berry ice cream, the taste of summer | Liziqi Channel 
Li Ziqi new video and my take on the Asian "polite fight" culture. 
The latest video from Liziqi is my fav notification.
 
new video out and i swear liziqi has me having thoughts on taking culinary
if you've lived til now and haven't been watching Liziqi's youtube videos, have you been living at all?
any liziqi fans here?
 and Li ZiQi is the only one keeping me sane at this point 
 There’s dianxi xiaoge on youtube, who basically has a similar vibe to liziqi on youtube
 Cooking videos, ASMR, Liziqi, Safiya, Random facts videos and experiments, and conspiracy theories about tales and fables
do you all watch liziqi on youtube?? are there any other channels like hers?
Some early morning zen enjoy! Liziqi: 
Why is Chinese influencer Liziqi SO popular on YouTube (7.5 million subs... 
where dianxi's videos are something to legit aspire and work towards, liziqi's is just absurd  
 I absolutely love watching Li Ziqi aaahh
 classical music, gameplays, creepy videos, street foods, cafes, movie clips, paintings and art, liziqi and other yt recs
EXPOSE YOUR PHONE -my mom -i'm still packing up -sjsjjs - warga AT23 (its muted tho lol) -LIZIQI -Mark fanmeet -Nadnad -ww3 (gotta keep up okay) -a dude -bts -uhh... No.. - pubg, cod, some other brain games -YESS LOL - -school stuff. drop an emoji for the questions !
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 food and minimalism stuff. love watching liziqi's vids
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 Also nowhere does article say non-Chinese viewers have praised the movie for "introduction to a rich, complex culture." This is all just to limit "cultural exports" to the narrative of 厉害了，我的中国。 has good reporting on Li Ziqi + her cultural export controversy
binging Li Ziqi's youtube channel and wondering if this lady is even human what?? the fuck??? is that mad skillset????
 Tomo app next fan attention lin wux smcpsporela chapman cooking liziqi chaplinchipcropcoonsvam chopstick 
Hi, if you need to watch something very calming and lovely, I'd like to share Li Ziqi with you. (She does sometimes handle meat when she's cooking, just a heads up) 
 I think Li ZiQi is more of an environmentalist than Greta Thunberg...The Western lefties are brading the wrong person... 
Chinese YouTube star Li Ziqi dismisses claim she makes US a year 
one of my fav liziqi's, in part bc the part where she picks the mushrooms is very satisfying to me 
Celeb vlogger Li Ziqi denies earning over million annually - Global Times 
 I love her videos - that’s how I envision 5D Earth to be like n more. She’s also taking care of her grandmother. Here’s more info on Li Ziqi - 
I didn't realize I was one of 9 million people (and 34 million more in China) who relaxes by watching Li Ziqi portray an idyllic traditional lifestyle. 
A Chinese celebrity vlogger , with millions of international followers, is under the spotlight for her earnings, although her company on Friday denied that she earns 168 million yuan ( million) a year. 
 other: liziqi and dianxi xiaoge and kimi! people harvesting and cooking food in a beautiful location w minimal talking is 
Chinese YouTube star Li Ziqi dismisses claim she makes US a year - South China Morning Post. Ok more like US.9m. I thought China banned YouTube, no? 
Embrace the Simple this as Discusses How Li Ziqi is Representing an Idealised Form of Rural to Placate the Masses 
One toast to the rising sun, one toast to the shining moon One toast to homeland, one toast to dreamland One toast to tomorrow, one toast to the past One toast to freedom, one toast to death - Liziqi -
POV you catch kyungsoo watching liziqi videos on youtube at 3am 
 huta chan crows eye productions liziqi 3d sanago psych2go deco cookie the school of life lessons from screenplay vewn blank on blank thoraya maronesy honeykki the lizzie bennet diaries
Chinese influencer , who has become famous for her country-life videos, has refuted a media report which claimed that she made CNY168 million (USD24 million) in a year. She has over 22 million Weibo followers and is active on Youtube too. 
IP: Could someone be city version of LIZIQI(the most influencial Chinese youtuber at the moment)?
Viral China this week: Escape urban life with Chinese online star Li Ziqi, and more 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
 Video of people working help me sometimes. Blacksmithing videos, like Green Beetle. Primitive channels like Primitive Life and Primitive Skills have a calming nature element to them. Grandpa Amu and Liziqi both have their own sort of nostalgic homey feeling to them.
The management company of Chinese influencer , who has 8.19 million followers on , has denied that she earns 160 million yuan ( million) a year, slamming previous social media reports as fake. How much do you think an influencer can earn? 
I love her. | Liziqi Channel 
Famous vlogger Li Ziqi denies reports that her annual income is 168 million yuan (~ 24 million dollars). "The tax bureau knows how much she earns; I don't pay attention. Why are you jealous if she's earning money through her own skills?" [+21541] 
Li Ziqi has come out and said those numbers are fake original post taken down apology made. At most it was a rough estimate of revenue, which makes much more sense. I'm a recent fan, there's just a lot to like about her.
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Li Ziqi’s Remarkable Videos Evoke a Soothing Lifestyle - 
 i like: snowenn liziqi cook kafemaru ochikeron nigiricco
 I HAD NO IDEA THERE WERE SO MANY CHANNELS ABOUT GUYS BUILDING HUTS-But I like the look of them!! I definitely try them and more crafting channels, I already like channels like Liziqi's!! Thank you so much!
 Honestly Li Ziqi is living the dream
My family (especially my mum and I) have gotten Realllllllllly into Li Ziqi videos We showed them to my grandparents and my Appa was like "No one can beat her" which is his highest level of praise
2. 李子柒 Liziqi same vein as number 1 but i prefer number 1's kitchen HAHAHA 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 Morning routines (tho I’ll never be a morn person), makeup tutorials, bad wig fixes, and this ridiculously peaceful series by li ziqi showing her just livin her best Chinese farm life.
The girl saw a video of Liziqi, The rural gir with handrails full of tre... 
Can’t sleep so watching Liziqi vids on YouTube.. honestly there’s just something calming bout watching her grow, make and cook from scratch lol
 Please react to Liziqi and try spinning wool fibers into yarn for a video! X love you
How is liziqi so perfect and beautiful???? (´༎ຶོρ༎ຶོ`)
 Dianxi Xiaoge Liziqi! No one can beat them!
Anyone else here love watching Liziqi?
Liziqi explained
Chinese tech media are reporting that Austin Li (livestreaming ecommerce star) made USD last yr, and Li Ziqi, of the YouTube channel below, made in 2019. I'm incredulous. Call me naive, but ... really?! 
Liziqi YouTube channel has the most satisfying videos / calming music and the over all best presentation of content
 I design and decorate cabins in my mobile on an house planner app  Well you know like a cabin with all the basic necessities of life, tools and equipment and small fruit and vegetable garden like that youtube channel Liziqi. Poultry and cattle
Why is Li Ziqi so sensationally successful?With 20m followers and 7.8m YouTube subscribers, she presents gentrified, aesthetic--if not realistic--depiction of Chinese rural life, providing an escape for overworked urbanites in China and abroad. 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 ooh! I have a neck pillow and just picked up a lush shower jelly the other day, sweet!! Also never heard of liziqi but I'm 1000% down for chill relaxing vids 
 also I highly recommend liziqi on YouTube coz her stuff is so chill and relaxing lmao I watched every video of hers when I was just sitting around trying to sleep
*gets heavily into calligraphy and oil pastels and the liziqi youtube channel at a point in the semester where i literally have no choice but to do uni work* :)
Liziqi's videos literally cured my anxiety, this channel is everything 
 Yes, I adore her, I am not sure about Liziqi, but what a garden and surroundings..
omg she can sing too? waaaah what a talented girl li ziqi  
 You're so far ahead  you kinda remind me of Liziqi rn 
i feel sorry for those who haven't found liziqi's channel yet
“How Li Ziqi Repackages Rural China For Urban Fantasies” by Sixth Tone 
Can’t stop watching ...
Are you all familiar with the Youtuber Liziqi? She looks like Mina from Twice. She is very pretty and simple. 
 Li Ziqi!!! My second favorite YouTube cooking channel! 
Why is Chinese influencer Liziqi SO popular on YouTube (7.5 million subs... 
 Rural Chinese cooking/farming videos, mostly Li Ziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge. They’re extremely calming, though they also make me extremely hungry. Also sometimes Sense8.
 Yes but aren’t we watching Li Ziqi for the fantasy?
Let's have some lamb spine hot pot for Winter Solstice 
Talk to my butcher uncle about the pork price rising and the impact on on restaurant industry and more 
Is Liziqi the best example of what YouTube can be about? She’s brilliant. 李子柒 Liziqi 
Liked on YouTube: Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Liziqi and mie goreng keeping me company  Mie Goreng sure is addictive, my diet is doomed  
How Li Ziqi Repackages Rural China For Urban Fantasies 
that girl liziqi from china is really living that stardew valley life  i wish that were me
 I know you suffer when 'journalists' mis-characterize what you do to 'score points' for their agenda: Why would you do the same to Liziqi for your point? This is the first time I've ever seen someone characterize liziqi as 'submissive', and it's coming from a chinese woman..!
 This is a weird take from you. Liziqi is 1) Not just cooking (she's somewhat of a 'maker' like yourself, although not in tech), and 2) Isn't 'never speak' (she often chats to her grandma, and sometimes sings). I think you characterizing her as 'submissive' is really disrespectful
My zen comes from watching Liziqi videos on YouTube. I watch her videos before bedtime and it’s so kimochiiii!
Liziqi is a phenomenon in China (not like IG famous / Twitter bigwig but celebrity massive biiiig. on YT she got about 8.2M subscribers (and it's not even her main platform). Anyone who's cracked Western platforms and Chinese Look at this 
My current YouTube history is filled with these YouTubers. Li ZiQi 
li ziqi gets all the attention but i will always be a chef wang stan!! dianxi xiaoge is pretty great too though
Liziqi yt vids feels like a movie straight from a fairytale book huhu kanami
liziqi Compared pangya sugar coated fruit stick ,completely different 
flexing lvxlol merch isnt as big a flex as climbing a tree if u can climb a tree like liziqi i'll consider introducing u to my private garden
Anyone else fallen down the Li Ziqi YouTube rabbit hole? 
 I recommend Liziqi from China if you’re interested 
Li Ziqi, a Chinese Vloger, make you relax from work and show a fairy-land-like life in rural China. To know her more, and know more about China… 
Ca i just laugh hard with the cow at the end? Liziqi's Prince is coming lol 
on a lighter but related note of cultural heritage: liziqi's channel is often food-focused, but she also does some wonderful craft-based content as well 
 I love Li Ziqi's channel! But, I also want to introduce you to a similar channel (in case you're running out videos to watch).  
Liziqi sang AND played the guitar in her most recent video and sHE HAS SUCH A GOOD VOICE!!!! omfg
watching LiZiqi pick eggplants in the snow, I am shook
 We like watching LIZIQI. She spends weeks cooking a delicious bowl of soup. As Jerome K. Jerome said,”I love work. I can sit and watch it for hours.”
And this one, Liziqi, is basically Snow White (she used to be a DJ and now roams the land with lambs and puppies and home-made gowns dyed with grape skins): 
LiZiqi im loving your cuisine blogs. Also, your little paradise in Sichuan is amazing (gardens are everything)
Liziqi YouTube channel is my new obsession.
 Ooh! Very cool! You can be your very own home Li Ziqi with that! :)
Kumiss and Roasted Whole Lamb make you feel like paradise.| Liziqi Channel 
This one of my favorite channels Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Growing weary of after being initially amazed by Li Ziqi's YT channel. It's only so long for such perfection to look overbearing and dull. It's soothing, no lie there. And no thank you, Globes. Find another sucker.
China and beyond is obsessed with Li Ziqi "a hippy young Martha Stewart — a DIYer and maker, as well as ancient lifestyle guru." 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
 Thank you for posting this list. And, glad to see you are on this list. I am surprised to see that I have been a subscriber to the top three. Love Liziqi - she’s got a great eye for composition, editing, storytelling and music selection. Quite a talented young lady!
Really glad Jaejoong brough me watch liziqi chanel, she just wonderfull  
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Li Ziqi is 32y Chinese girl who lives with her grandmother in the countryside of southwest China ’s Sichuan Province an internet celebrity. Here's why: 
 Li Ziqi's videos are excellent, any dialogue is not with/for the viewer, I like it, and it's more accessible than auto generated subs.
 Just look for "liziqi" on YouTube and see by yourself. It's not a cooking show per se. It's very aesthetic.
liziqi can sing like an angel TOO??
My current YouTube history is filled with both Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge and I'm okay with that.
 Li ziqi jus another commie spy doing culture infiltration
 What an inspiration!! 
I stg Li Ziqi is one of the best content producers out there...beautiful, creative, talented, hardworking, etc...if your mind needs an escape, please-lah watch her vids on Youtube...so oddly satisfying!!!
 Li Ziqi is a commercial success, nothing more. "She" is the collaborative effort of a seasoned team. Even in China ppl have different opinions about Ziqi.
 Not really in the theme of the convo but I consider Primitive Tech to be the Western counterpart of Li Ziqi 
Li Ziqi’s romantic portrayal of the Chinese countryside, while sanitizing the harshness of rural life, offers an escape tailored for the overworked, overcrowded, and burned out urban middle class. 
well catching up on liziqi is refreshing my soul, even though I’ve fucked up on casting on knitting twice now ☺️ the power of mountain fairy! also got some inspo for the writing! THE POWER OF MOUNTAIN FAIRY!!!
 I'm sure the -owned editor(s) decision 2 run an editorial on Li Ziqi had zero to do w/ Commieland state media naming her 1 the "Most inspirational figures of 2019." But seems to really want to be 's Goebbels Times () . 
After binging Liziqi all morning, these recipes look like they taste like denim pants.
bruh if all of this starts with WWIII, idc, I'm moving to the countryside n imma live like liziqi, I learn from the best 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
There is a huge class of videos on YouTube that show "ordinary" people doing all sorts of skilled human activities. Many of them rise to the level of art, but the ones by Li Ziqi are some of the very best in terms of production values. It's no surprise some folks think t…
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
LRT liziqi is really a mountain fairy. if i did this i would end up with either a purple sheep or purple dog (or both). yunmeng jiang waaah!!! 
liziqi's videos are so relaxing
Im probably late af, but I'm really enjoying Liziqi Youtube channel. I just dont know where I'll find my rainy garden of eden. Sbwl
maybe if y’all watch li ziqi then you would be self-sufficient and wouldn’t be out there burning forests just to be rich by being a capitalist
 Li ZiQi Dianxi Xiaoge The BA Test Kitchen Team Binging with Babish Maya Polar Bear Mochamilk Robin Seplut GentleWhispering READY TO GLARE Honourable Mentions: Safiya Nygaard Simply Nailogical Nerdwriter1
Minguo said Li Ziqi wasn’t hurt, and simply dusted it off and went back to work. Even though they’re able to laugh it off, it does look a bit scary from the photos: 
Watching a new channel about this woman liziqi she vidoes her day to day life so far its mostly cooking videos and they are so relaxing
li ziqi is the womanliest woman to ever exist
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Me: *wide awake. Never to fall asleep. Brain READY* Me 20 seconds into a liziqi video... 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
"Flame drunken fish" peaceful life and art. From talented girl Li Ziqi 
watching this youtuber liziqi and omg??? she looks so much like mina from the side??? or maybe i just mina  
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
Film favorit tetep Little Forest, channel youtube favorit tetep Liziqi 
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
EXPOSE YOUR PHONE GAME -ate gerdie -he lowkey looks like dy here -ate ching -gscnhs media -north korean ordered in north korean dialect -li ziqi -gayle -nomin au -kuya jep -yoon in na -wala -wala -lightroom, vsco - -blue haired ji changmin ❤ this tweet for questions
 i'm vanishing into a cavern in the alps and becoming the next li ziqi
If you haven't seen her videos already, I highly recommend you watch Liziqi on YouTube - she literally can do everything. 
"When I worked in the city, it was about survival. Now when I worked in the countryside, I feel like truly living." -Li Ziqi, Chinese Online Star 
some great quotes from the li ziqi article but read the whole thing tbh (5 min read) 
Short article about the appeal of Li ziqi and the cultural context of that appeal. Adjacent to tumblr idea that living a rural life is somehow simpler and cleaner 
how many times must i ask to be married to Li Ziqi and live on that farm with her
imagine not knowing about liziqi
I swear watching Li Ziqi videos lowers my blood pressure. Such a fairy queen 
“so why did u choose to leave the company?” because li ziqi told me to she said sitting behind a desk all day is no shit and when i could be planting vegetables and flowers and gathering fruits and breathing fresh air what about it
capitalists better be scared what li ziqi and dianxi can bring about
if you don’t stan li ziqi i don’t know you and it’s time you should
li ziqi started the revolution for romanticizing rural life and i respect her so much for that
the only person girls should marry is li ziqi i said it and i will say it again
Li Ziqi's videos are amazing, but I just can't get into them much after following /SarahTaber_bww Dr Sarah Taber. Just 
I’m not sure if this is mina or liziqi
Liziqi is literally the most beautiful human being on this earth... I am fr crying 
At the beginning of 2020, wish all of Wecare friends a  No today Only about "flowertealife" Liziqi is really a fairyin our eyes. Please do click in to see what you can get. What you expect for yourself in 2020 
imagine u can give speech like greta thunberg while having a lifestyle's like liziqi
 Ahhh yes. The black hole of entertainment that is YouTube. Between Liziqi and DeadMeat, it's a miracle that I get anything done
Has anyone been watching ?!?! I’m obsessed with her skills Riding a Horse to Find Magnolia Liliflora Blossoms for my lovely fans 
new liziqi video. . .my endorphins are Back Online
I swear watching videos lowers my blood pressure.
comment under liziqi's latest video 
I feel completely useless after watching a chinese girl channel on youtube called liziqi. I mean she is great. Her hands are like a magic.
To get a wife like the sensational internet star Li Ziqi will be a dream come true for me. I'm willing to give away my wealth just to live a simple sustainable life in the kampong with a person like Li Ziqi. Well Don, dream on. (I said to myself) Wake me up later. 
ok but i started 2019 fantasying about going to china while watching li ziqi’s videos and ended 2019 living in china while watching li ziqi’s videos
 10/ I find Li Ziqi's achievements in communicating the beauty and harmony of farm life to be on par with how Callas communicated the beauty of   opera. 
Li Ziqi cooks, gardens, can sew, embroider, can make furniture out of bamboo, makes her own makeup from flowers, makes a cloak from scratch, plays the guitar and sings. I'm not kidding when I say she's my role model of a strong independent female and I'd marry her if I could. 
 Pero nga, ultimately, these are mere propaganda of the "Politburo" in Beijing. In fact, "Liziqi" (first video) was said to be an intel officer! While they still bully and hold us under duress, specifically building military installations within our territory. . . FUCK CHINA!
As of 2020, she has over 8 million subscribers on YouTube, 19 million followers on Sina Weibo. But Who is Li Ziqi? Li Ziqi, who is a Chinese food and country-life blogger and internet celebrity. She is known for... 
My new favorite channel on YouTube, Liziqi Channel, even has cats! This cat appears in the video where Li Ziqi brews soy sauce from scratch: 
Jiang Cheng w/ male Li Ziqi aesthetics who posts rural Yunmeng on YouTube, ranging from fishing, pottery, making Lotus recipes and products, bamboo furniture, purple traditional robes for festivals that provides an urban escape for his viewers 
liziqi is a literal goddess
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
do u guys know about liziqi everything she cooks looks so good her life seems so peaceful it's like it's out of a ghibli movie
Liziqi is so amazing. So so amazing. Idk how to describe her
LRT: LI ZIQI AU OF THE JIANG SIBLINGS?! TOTALLY IN FOR IT
Chinese online star Li Ziqi provides an escape from urban life 
My translation of the song that Li Ziqi sang in her 2020 new year's video: 
Liziqi can sing too 
i want the life that liziqi has
Liuzhou "Luosifen": Slurpy, Spicy, and Absolutely Satisfying | Liziqi Ch... 
Li Ziqi believes she has become so popular because people in the city watch her videos to escape their daily grind 
Exclusive Interview With Li Ziqi, China’s Most Mysterious Internet Celeb... 
