CNN stays roasting the hell out of the Trump administration  Steve is a bot. Report and block. Life is short! Inosuke "Biden! Hey! Never forgive! I'll take the grudge of the pigs!"  ✨The Expanded Energy Of The Planetary Crystalline Transformation ✨ Stay Strong ! While trump golfs LA hospitals running out of oxygen due to shortage of canisters Pipes carrying oxygen to rooms are overtaxed, freezing On Sun, 5 hospitals turned away all ambulances Last night, no beds for 30 patients at LAC-USC 18 hr wait for ICU bed The Atlantic is telling the truth after 4 years. Atlantic published this week that they will not cover Joe Biden’s administration in the same manner as President Trump’s,  Smmfh seek help Such fucks... Beyond sick...Trump campaign files second claim to Supreme Court citing fake news report on 'alternative electors' McConnell moves to combine Trump asks in potential 'poison pill' for stimulus checks - CNN Will Washington, DC lock out Trump-supporters on January 6? - American Thinker   Rapist Lier Con Adulterous Pedophiler Raciest My daughter is a ICU nurse, she is vaccinated, held the hand of a mother’s only son talked to him before he was gone, and mother of 3. Look who’s had it,Marco, Lindsey, Mitt, and all of them, why shouldn’t Kamala have it, you wouldn’t object if it was Trump. Would you? If it wasn't for Trump news they would have borded up their windows by now. Hate keeps CBC going Trump FAILED with the ! LOSER!  GOP against stimulus for families, only want to bail out big corporations. Not even close. Trump is far and away the worse president in modern history in everyone's opinion but his own. Sad sad man Why is the full power of the national government not being utilized for this? So damned wasteful. : trump has chosen to embarrass himself...again !  Why are you fighting to keep Mitch in power when he is not fighting for you  PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE spare us Steve Hayes. He turns everything into into anti-Trump, whether it’s about Trump or not. SOOOO sick of it. Swine Flu! = 12,000 DEATHS COVID VIRUS = 330,000 DEATHS WOW, Trumpy, We KNEW YOU Were BAD AT MATH, But Still... DAMN !!!!! Mr. Trump, I sincerely hope that there’s an MRI and a Psych exam scheduled for you once you’re out of the White House. You’re out of your damned mind.After Biden Complains Trump Still Won’t Concede – Donald Tells Joe He’s Got “Much More To Come, Stay Tuned”  If you have irrefutable evidence of foreign election interference, please shut all this down with your 2018 executive order. We're all behind you sir.  Pretty much. Biden is: Anti religious freedom. Pro choice Anti 2A JFK was exact opposite of what Biden is.Trump wins title of Americans’ most admired man in annual survey  There can only be one most admired MAN, and that's Trump, not ex first man, Michelle... The CRIMINALS in DC want to maintain the status quo of election fraud to keep their seats safe. Instead of investigating voter fraud, they simply want to 'study' it.  That’s it. Insider trading Barbie cares so much about the suffering of poor red necks Dear trumpists... I realize that fact-checking isn't a priority, but it's not that hard to find out that he is, once again, lying. Roughly 6.9 million votes were cast in Pennsylvania. According to Penn records, there are 9 million registered voters Math is hard, hey trump? Trump took it from Barry. Biden was at 6% but won. Hell, kumonme Harris could even beat the Wookie, but won election. Yeah, nothing to see here!Wisconsin supreme Court rules 200,000 votes illegitimate state will have to move electoral votes to president Trump and so it begins Do you believe the things you say? I accepted his victory on November 9, 2016 when they called the electoral votes. I didn’t have to like him though. Whiners. Stop The Steal  what exactly did Donald trump do that makes him unqualified for greatest president ever? He did many things to make America better , the best example is the new NAFTA, the use of tariffs to combat third world slave labour exploitation and better security at the borders. + peace!! Please stop! If you had done your job and contained the VIRUS we wouldn’t be where we are. Why didn’t you say something months earlier about the money! Why did you wait until the last minute! We’re you busy playing golf! Your so dumb man yea he could have stopped the virus  himself only months earlier tho right? Wtf John if there was fraud on either side, it should be proven in a court of law. Trump’s folks had EVERY chance to do that. They couldn’t. Bc there was no credible evidence of fraud. Period. Doesn’t matter to you tho, you’ll slurp up every lie he feeds you like a good lil boy  Keep parroting Don Lemming, you loonie leftie. Thank you President Trump! I pray steps up; I can't think of a stronger, independent Republican Senator who can be a patriot when needed so desperately.Trump: Republicans Blocking Coronavirus Checks Must Have 'Death Wish'  I must be honest. I love Trump dearly. He should’ve NEVER given Fauci the platform he did. Way too much exposure and credibility that needs to be undone.Ridiculous!  Quit fucking lying go ahead and form the QANON party. Democrats will take over the country after the GOP gets divided Loser Yeah, we get it. It's all about you.  Myth from Trump and the crazy news: There was fraud in Georgia. Signature audit will prove fraudulent election! Actual truth with facts:  NO, there are not "alternate electors". The ONLY official legal votes cast on Dec 14 were those from electors chosen according to respective state laws and duly certified as winners. This is the LAW. Jan 6 20 Falta Trump He got that from parler. Why are the states not distributing the vaccine? Does Trump have to do everything himself? Its the fucking CORONA VIRUS and you completely denied/ignored it! History books will say YOU MURDERED NEARLY 350,000 ON YOUR WATCH, People lost their jobs ON YOUR WATCH, companies closed down ON YOUR WATCH, you CAN’T take care of a Country from the fucking golf course!! Pennsylvania Vice President Pence Must Reject Swing State Biden Electors Absent Certification by State Lawmakers Governors and state administrators have trampled upon the exclusive constitutional power of state legislatures to decide the manner of selecting presidential electors I wouldn't talk about failing, pal. You're up to some 330,000 deaths right now.Hey Game over Pack your shit Get out of our house It shouldn't cost us 2.4T to send checks... And it shouldn't have to be 3T+ to send checks. Pass a solitary Covid relief bill. Period. Or nothing. It’s also not “Trump”. It’s President Trump or Mr President. You have CEMENTED THEIR FATE! Death wish is kind of late don't you think? It was you that changed your mind 3 times isn't it? Regardless, recount CAN'T be reversed! Don't forget to salute to your New president CIC Mr Joe BIDEN. You didn't think your decisions have consequences? I mean, that other guy said he looked like he had old cottage cheese stuck under his chin. Well, guess what, I usually have old cottage cheese stuck under my chin. That hit too close to home. tu as oublié les morts aussi  I love seeing TRUMP lose, it’s my daily medicine, my weekly energy, my monthly inspiration and my yearly motivation. His loss is the only reason i’m still alive i was born to love and enjoy the failure that he has achieved The 10 worst things did in   The Republicans need to stop printing ballots Ditto  It’s not about trump. It’s about the democrat party lurching left to communism. I’ll never vote democrat again. And I was a democrat. They’re insane. Are you trying to set a record for the number of times that you loose an election? Build a bridge and get over it. You lost - the people voted - start packing I bet he made a lot of money enabling that. And not speaking out about Trump at the right time. Lmao you mean Google that's owned by democrats  Will trump ever stop Tweeting his BullShit lies about election "fraud"???Trump is a loser  Take your plane on over to find outWe need to form the Trump coalition "The Patriot Party" Ivanka got new patents from China as Trump was negotiating trade talks!!! Hmmmm.   Yam tits....love it!!! Basically she is the driving philosophical force behind the rise of the far right in this country. I don't know how familiar you personally are with her, but most of what you have posted here is in agreement with her views. She gave us Trump, well, her and Hillary Clinton. Trump has lost enough times now that when Biden is sworn in they should reset the POTUS counter to like 59 You’re living in Neverland Pete. The great state of Georgia needs a new Gov. I think Kemp knows he’s on his way out. Federal government? you mean FedEx Um no! You can still read the tweets right? Censorship would be not allowing them or taking them down. And maybe if the right and conservatives weren’t spewing constant conspiracy theories Twitter wouldn’t put disclaimers on them. Don’t like it go to parlor and take friends with Thank you president Trump Harold Sr should of "walk the dog" with her and the manager, I'm sick of these disrespectful trump supporters Crazy old man say what?“Dr. Lott found that in 2016, there was no difference between Fulton County and its surrounding sister counties. But in 2020, he found that Trump’s % of absentee votes was 7.19 percent lower in Fulton county as compared to precincts just across the street in neighboring counties And a whole lot of Republicans voted for Biden too We have several vaccines in 9 months instead of years, Trump fought the CDC, FDA, Fauci, Scraf lady and gave millions to the biotechs to complete this ASAP. But Trump made it happen so I wouldn't get that vac if I were you.The "Trump Administration" continues to be a pathetic joke. It’s time to say enough with this government nonsense and take back what’s ours. There are more of us than there are of them. We must rely on ourselves and not the government. Cut Washington off at the knees. So let’s assume those numbers are correct and 202K extra votes were cast. You still have to isolate and identify all those additional votes, then determine who those votes were cast for, then adjust totals. Problem is, Trump says all those MUST be for Biden, which is stupid "Call to Arms" Senator Mitch McConnell wishes to stay as Senate majority leader this upcoming Election He "BlOCKED" the checks to People of the Pandemic "VOTE" him "OUT"!!!! President Trump is a great President and American people always love him and appreciate him for his love and hard work for this nation. This was two days ago. She'll do whatever is politically expedient.  There has been mountains of physical evidence. It’s overwhelming physical proof. You just won’t look.  Fire mitch mcconnell he's a hartless peice of shit how can you block sompting that's gonna help the American people were all hurting an struggling an worried an depressed an don't know what to do 600 isent good enough 2,000 is do what you do best get rid of him . Please consider talking to your doctor. See that?? There is a typo in that one. Argue a typo vs simple grammar as well...why not? LmaoAnyone who thought Mitch McConnell was 's lap dog or bitch is delusional. Mitch has been there for a generation. He has seen presidents come and go as he has weaved his way into everyone's lives. He used Trump ever day of his presidency.  Mr. President , I’d say this is a weee bit of an issue.  I started with umm because I’m absolutely baffled at the morons in this country. He is trying to sabotage Trump and blame it on him. Don’t give CCP Mitch credit. Donnie boy Pfizer-BioNTech was not made in the states it had nothing to do with you lmfao Newsmax.... the onion has more valid stories than they do....... dipfuck Não é questão de entendimento do presidente Trump! É questão de Democracia e transparência nas eleições, você não gosta disso? Você aprova fraudes eleitorais? É disso que o seu Presidente está falando, é muito sério o assunto  Democrats CHEATED ! They are not in a bind. The two republicans candidates will say yes they support so Trump (not elected) and the base will hear it while Mitch who (elected), will block it and take the fall. are you sure? That means you agree with Nancy Pelosi too. Nope.  ICYMI  Haha have u seen tRump lately? If that’s all u got against Biden really says more about u than him. Just wait NY’s coming w/indictments for the tRump crime family on 1/21/21. I’ll take Biden for the nxt 4 yrs tRump will be busy trying to not go to prison They don’t have to be in on it they just have to hate Trump enough to let it happen Mitch McConnell still flexing his power by entrancing his own bill for ,000 direct payment, by adding on pork. Where is the clean bill requested? Who actually has the power here? I think MSM has increased fear, ignorance and division FAR more than ‘45 has. If anything, Trump us shined light on certain things that need to be illuminated around the world. The few still lost in racist hate/violence might be beyond saving, sadly, but it’s not 45’s fault BIDEN SAID HE HAD HIS TEAM READY TO DISTRIBUTE AND FIGHT COVID . NOW WE KEEP THE BLAME GAME THAT IT'S TRUMPS FAULT IT'S TO SLOW DUE TO TRUMP. STOP THAT BLAME GAME. TELL YOUR TEAM TO GET TO WORK. he wont, these sheeple cant handle the truth. trump's balls wont lick themselves! If you agree, then why did you VOTE AGAINST giving people when you actually had the vote? It's ACTIONS that count, not words. Your hypocrisy is sickening.  How in the hell is it possible that the guy who got 80 million is not that guy? 21 daysMy lip is trembling.... CNN's Jake Tapper complains about Trump retweeting a mean tweet about him after saying Kayleigh McEnany 'tells lies all the time'  See, fact checks require you to report, you know, facts. You're kind of missing the point... Meanwhile in Florida...Angel calls attention to those suffering months with unpaid unemployment benefits while Does nothing.   don’t give in. Enjoy your wife’s decorating while you can. Something tells me your prison cell will be even less “aesthetically appealing.” I know he's been stuck watching TrumpTV while getting angry, bashing Bernie, Tulsi, and Yang in the primary, and ignoring Biden and Harris records. Yet. It finally got to him after so long. Maybe he needs his bills paid after Trump defeat. Finding a new identity. It is easy to lose sight of the fact that rather than having to fight election fraud to secure Trump victory, we should be celebrating his victory and expansion of the majority in the Senate and nearly or possibly gaining control of the House.  He has no trouble holding American people hostage! Look what he did to the federal workers holding their paychecks hostage to try to get what he wants! People who think that he’s for the American people don’t think!  Thank God Bobby Piton.9-Year-Old Ali Kinani Was Among Victims of Killers Pardoned by Trump  I don't get why it's a bad thing to block people I've easily blocked thousands upon thousands I used to take a little time each day to block people who merely liked trumps tweets But I've gotten smarter over time Now I just comment on a maga thread wait for them to come  It’s crazy how many adults feed into this  lol please just sit down hold your L come harder in 2024 Fair is fair hell I thought Hillary beat you but they elected you and I will have faith in our voting processthe demrocrats claim trump """pressured""" ukraine but their only real evidence is the transcript of him doing it- Dec 29, 2020 FINANCIAL NEWS Trump Turns The Spotlight On The Economic Swamp, No Escape  Unfortunately, yes. It will probably work. She will win because it's Georgia and she has an R by her name. It will be another example of people voting against their interests. Bernie Sanders is right. We need to deliver checks to the American people. Funny how y'all are silent when the people who caused all the deaths in this country were taking it. Like... or or or and so on and so on... Hmmmm....   Yep, he's gonna slow-walk it until Trump is no longer relevant. Dont forget the Porn Shop next door. All stopped for a movie to take home.Imagine how hard trump must be laughing at his evil twist of humor the last few days You were100% right about uv light 3 minutes and the cv19 is gone "SUCK IT UP" Acosta, your ACTIONS have CONSEQUENCES! That's what happens when you act like an As*h*** pi** people off Jim Acosta Has Hissy Fit On CNN, Claims He Had Death Threats For Reporting Against Trump  And what we admire most about him is that he’s gone. You mean the flu in 2009 that resulted in 12,000 deaths unlike the over 334,000 deaths caused by Covid19 on your watch? I think I understand they don't want people who voted for Biden to have help he that it ??remember Trump did not want to help states who did vote for him president only for the Republican???fuck the other ???if not tell us why??? They have to be. Trump owns them now or else.. Did the same investors predict that the markets would tank after the Trump Administration lied about the Covid-19 pandemic and mismanaged the response, leading to over 330,000 deaths? Very well said! I Of course. They are blaming the Federal govt for THEIR OWN STATE CORRUPTION and confusion and incompetence. You are the one under a rock, he didn't lose. Just go watch more cnn in your safe space. ¿Entonces,por.que los.Republicanos perdieron escaños en el Senado? ¿Cuanta.personas votaron por Biden, por odio a Trump? ¡ Realmente estás viudas .no tienen Componte¡ Trump's Speech Was Hidden From The Nation, 3415  He didn't fail in getting your crazy ass out of offices What degree did u obtain from Trump University? If it’s up to states to deal with this then how is Biden responsible for Swine flu? I guess they would be okay with me sneezing in their faces, walking by touching their food, every stranger walking by blowing smoke in their grandkids faces. Trump is leading a death march, layered with a horrific financial impact! Right. I mean if Trump won... Then Our First Lady definitely should have won. ‍♀️ I love seeing TRUMP lose, it’s my daily medicine, my weekly energy, my monthly inspiration and my yearly motivation. His loss is the only reason i’m still alive i was born to love and enjoy the failure that he has achieved   Like that deposition with kavenaugh. Thems big questions and he knows his law history. As when he interrogated Justices Barret. He knows his shit and makes sure incoming justices do too. But fuck do I know? I liked too until he jumped on the hate Trump train. Loser He's not done. Remember, he pardoned Stone Manafort and George Papadope thug who were able to cheat on the 2016 vote for donnie. Trump may pardon Bannon which would then complete the Circus to keep trump relevant in next 4 yrs. We must keep him irrelevant. It's not a competition anymore, do your job (for one more month). :) Is Trump going to bring out the big guns or not? We only have one week left. Remember don't forget DEUTSCHE BANK SUBPOENAS FOLLOW THE MONEY 1%ERS NERVOUS RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS RELEASE FULL UNREDACTED MUELLER REPORT TO CONGRESS SWAMPY DONALD. Tons of evidence in your mind there is no evidence enough if it is that says that Donald Trump won Donald Trump was the worst president ever in this world and that’s why his ass needs to go now and yes Biden did win Nope, show me videos, not some fake news outlet that hates Trump. If it’s out there, I’m sure you’ll find it. BECAUSE THE ASSHAT FIGURED OUT he and his asshat cronies GOT PLAYED BY THE MASTER  This is an absolute LIE - for the love of God stop this nonsense - you are tearing our country apart.  What reasons? MUELLER concluded that the Trump campaign WELCOMED Russian interference and expected to BENEFIT from it. The investigation resulted in charges against 34 individuals and 3 companies, 8 guilty pleas, and a conviction at trial. look it up online cause they already donethat. Feel sorry for AMERICANS but the Republicans deserve everything they get- there is no damn reason for these elected officials refusing to fight against this election fraud- hell some of them are also involved in this fraud. God Bless President Trump and our country. Congratulations on your participation trophy.Operation Trump Speed Its public info - reaD it and you will see why it was thrown outDecember 29th and it's pretty much a dead heat in twitter bullshit from Trump and Biden/Harris. Things are looking great. Nobody wants a socialist in Georgia.They're coming for you  Have Mitch McConnell come to the White House ASAP and tell your Secretary of the Treasury to hold on sending the this coming Tuesday night. Fin décembre, seulement 2 millions de vaccinés sur les 20 millions prévus par l'administration Trump. Les hôpitaux de Californie débordent.  CLEAN EVIDENCE !!! TRUMP FOREVER !!!  Fire mitch mcconnell he's a hartless peice of shit how can you block sompting that's gonna help the American people were all hurting an struggling an worried an depressed an don't know what to do 600 isent good enough 2,000 is do what you do best get rid of him . Loser! you still lost!  Triggered. B Gone.  Huh. If that were true, Trump would have won a few of the post election lawsuits he filed. Seeing as the state legislatures certified the vote results, in thier states, they seem to have felt differently than you. Yup, it's a _ritual_ purity thing. Then again, even the redone election would almost certainly be touched by some suspiciously dark hands, if you know what I mean and Trump and his own sure do. Why bother?, just declare him President again and have done with it.McConnell urges veto override; March for Trump obstructed?; Student sues... Amen Trump Hope the DC mayor calls in the NATIONAL guard and they will use teargas and rubber bullets on all those treasonous TRAITOR for trump on Jan 6 ..all those white supremacists assholes will get their due comings I’m a health care worker I got my first dose of the vaccine today thank you   Oh but Ivanka’s 7 Chinese trademarks received after she sucked off Xi Jinping at A Mara Largo dinner and the fact that trump paid more in Chinese taxes than he ever paid in us taxes doesn’t bother you at all. Remind me...what was one of her trademarks? Oh yeah....coffins.So McConnell /Trump support checks as long as Trump can lie on Twitter and Facebook about the election without being filtered. This is a new level of insanity. Trump said he would be so busy he wouldn't have time to golf. Then he proceeded to go golfing more than Obama did. Leo you were never a fool. There was a time that democrats stood for the common man. Its not about party ...its about doing right thing even when it is unpopular. God bless you and your family. Will you back you usual 8pm slot in 2021? Evidence of what? Idiot lawyers? That's not grounds to disenfranchise 80 million voters.⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ Voters Need To Start NOW! Voters Take Back Control! Limit Congress Power To Inflict Laws That Don’t Represent YOUR Approval! Voters CONTROL Govt., NOT Govt Controls Voters!!!  Maybe tell trump that Only because they know they will lose of they don't say yesdo not interact if... ➞ you support trump. ➞ you’re homophobic, racist, etc. ➞ you’re under the age of 15. ➞ you’re over the age of 21. 300,000-plus weren’t able to participate in this poll, thanks to Trump. Mr President this people are snakes. Your supporter are with you always be there supporting you. You are the leader of the new party with over 80 millions people those who voted for you.  Please show proof. liar Fine Pee Wee. Stop wearing a mask and washing your hands. But when you get the virus and it becomes serious, you won’t deserve a hospital bed. Suffer at home. Hell No ! But I know who should be in Prison  Christ's sacrifice achieved the redemption of mankind. Trump's achieved... a half-completed fence? A crackdown on dissident expression? A radicalised left? I'm not seeing the equivalence here. The answer is, never. You’re NEVER going to get to do signature verification in Fulton County.I’m wondering if the and other anti-Trump groups, conservatives against Trumpism are considering forming a new party. If the majority of the Republican party is now against democracy, won’t a third party be needed? Everything about this is damaged. And criminal and dirty. and 's plans were to overturn , so they coukd keep i definitely. Trump T4ump  Claim it No concession. Don’t budge. No matter who likes it. Cheating is unacceptable and it disqualified the competitionOur cat is making the litter box great again on December 29, 2020 at 06:59PM.  EXACTLY!!! Don’t be so naive; doctors are not above being bought and paid for.Trump relents as inexplicably as he resisted; COVID-19 help is back on, but not without problems After 4 years of having a sociopath "president" I'm convinced trump is making distribution of the vaccine as difficult as possible bc he wants to leave the country the biggest mess possible for Biden. Human life means nothing to him. Vindictiveness is all he knows. Oh boy Yeah sure keep crying until January 6th when ur faithful right hand man will count electoral votes and make Biden the next POTUS and u can't do anything about this.That security breach was to get all the names of people with clearances so when Biden gets in there they will be able to buy the rest of the good Americans or to go after there families!! If they don't comply! don't you see we are at the tipping point!!!!!!!!!!! They don’t even listen to the evidence. I’ve read it, it’s not shit. You just don’t want it to be true I would argue that the US and UK coming out roughly the same is a mark against the US given they have 1) advantage of a lower population density/connections so three waves to get to this point, and 2) have achieved that in spite of Trump, risk was worse given what he's pushed.Then don't go into a restaurant...they are doing their best to survive and stop the spread of the trump virusNew York Post 2010 trump - Google Search  Only 20 days left of this dam whining  / ASESINADO HACE 850 AÑOS POR DEFENDER LA LIBERTAD DE LA IGLESIA FRENTE A SU REY: Trump decreta que Estados Unidos celebre el aniversario del martirio de Santo Tomás Becket.  ⚡️ Tuesday, December 29, 2020 ⏲️ 6:04 PM EST  / CONTROL the Senate  Donald J. in the White House  in the United States:  U.S. DEATHS = 345,973  U.S. INFECTIONS = 19,927,215 ️  Didn't state that you were. The cold hard truth is that trump has been a cancer on this nation from the beginning. Biden needs to concede President Trump won reelection  Short and simple answer: The president does not hold the power of the purse . Long and complicated answer: Congress can give money that is dependent upon the president releasing the money. Again, goes back to Congress. You literally need rehab. No they didn't. The US made an advanced deal to pay .95b to Pfizer to deliver 100 million doses of the vaccine. A sum that wont be paid until the vaccine is delivered. Trump had nothing to do with it. You're right! It's your fathers fault. You're father is guilty. SHARE FAST, BIDEN AND AFRICAN VICE PRESIDENT EVEN WORSE THEN DEMON DONALD TRUMP, EXTREMELY URGENT  That well would would look like the toilet after he takes one of his 15 flush shits. Liar Remembering the truth We support you, President Trump, and are praying for you and your family! Stay strong! No concession! I Pray Pence Sticks to His Faith and His Oath To America  If He Doesn't Then He Lied Under Oath  Right Now I Think He Will Follow The Law and His Faith ⛪ 350000 deaths in 9 months because of Trump's negligence and incompetence. Why do y’all keep bringing up the point of him having the most votes than any sitting president? The GS Warriors had the best NBA record in 2016 and still lot lol. Loss to the cavs Trump lost, you sound like an absolute fucking idiot when I ask if you’re voting for Warnock Ossoff next Tuesday and you just shout Donald Trump into the phone Fin décembre, seulement 2 millions de vaccinés sur les 20 millions prévus par l'administration Trump. Les hôpitaux de Californie débordent. Except I live in California and everyone’s leaving. Including myself. Try again. lol.  Lying This claim is false. Fact check: Joe Biden criticó la velocidad del plan de distribución de vacunas del gobierno de Donald Trump y prometió acelerarlo cuando asuma  But, if tRUMP was the most admired man, he would have been re-elected. Facts!! ❤️   Yup! Operation Warp Speed, more like Operation Watching Paint DryMake us happy please! Loggers for Trump...  Oh look another triggered Trump supporter who can't accept reality. You're candidate lost cupcake, there was no evidence of widespread voter fraud and Joe Biden will be the President in January next year.Biden criticises Trump over slow Covid-19 vaccine rollout – video  Absolutely. It's a coup attempt. You're essentially overthrowing the will of the entire country and stealing the oval office. The fraud occurred throughout multiple key states (widespread) in similar ways (systemic). Read the ENTIRE Huffington Post article. She shouldn't be in prison, but compare apples to apples. She didn't receive anytime for her 1st 3 felony charges..period.Watch "WHAT A COWARD! Trump Says He Will "Not Even Consider" Renaming Bases Honoring Confederate Traitors!" on YouTube  How about "do not pass go, do not collect , GO DIRECTLY TO JAIL MEDIA, FOR SEDITION"! You're just DELUSIONAL Is that why it looks like a desolate wasteland? We'll screenshot this for you and send it back. Good times. I love seeing TRUMP lose, it’s my daily medicine, my weekly energy, my monthly inspiration and my yearly motivation. His loss is the only reason i’m still alive i was born to love and enjoy the failure that he has achieved  The devil is surely at work, but please don't give up. Bringing the trump wine and tiki torches? Go so well together.  Fire mitch mcconnell he's a hartless peice of shit how can you block sompting that's gonna help the American people were all hurting an struggling an worried an depressed an don't know what to do 600 isent good enough 2,000 is do what you do best get rid of him . You know how some of you media types regret the way you covered Trump by refusing to call out his lies and gaslighting? It might go a long way toward restoring your credibility if you could muster the balls to call the Nashville bomber a fucking terrorist.  Thanks so much Patriot Losing, loser from Loserville toddler types are like this... he has bad feelz... Mommy... oh yeah, she hated him too... tRump is getting kicked out of our house! Hopefully he will pay for his crimes! So if you elect Democrats in Georgia the 2000 dollars gets passed in the Senate where Republicans have been blocking it. Looks like the smart thing to do is vote for the Democratic candidates. CLEAN EVIDENCE !!! TRUMP FOREVER !!!  Donald you lost the election. Joe Biden won.  Go ahead and delete the pedo tweets you made as I said I already saved them all and have done an ICC. Pedophilia has no place in this world I don’t care what your excuse is Or how about just Trump? Because the courts won't even allow it to be presented on bs standing. Meanwhile...  Well if youre not full of shit report it, rather than trying to get likes on twitter,000 stand alone bill is the ONLY thing that should be able to be passed along with the overturning of the cheeto’s veto! Let’s do this Take out the 230 legislation you crappy excuse for a president and give people the relief needed. All the shithole states are. It’s hard for this country not to give money away it’s insane the US is the largest employer but as a company it would really go bankrupt so sad 1500 people elected officials just giving it all away we are destined for failure especially with sleepy on his way in SAD. More people voted for him. And how much money has been wasted chasing the fantasies of Trump supporters?Proof of the lying fake bullshit presidential election has become so overwhelming that all political minds know well Joe Blow did not win. What most all don't know is that America is going down even if trump won. PoliticsTrump is nothing beyond lies.  Truth!   Show them to us.Biden says Trump administration’s plan to distribute vaccines falling ‘far behind’ via  These extra votes are fake votes that Russia brought you, but there is still no way to exceed the hatred of the American people for you and Russia. New Study in battleground states: Joe Biden still won and Donald Trump is still a loser, failed 1-term president..... You are welcome! That means Trump will stop mocking disabled and demeaning low income minorities and immigrants from Latin American, Asia, Middle East, India and African?  I will not forget Even your staunchest fans will remember how you played down the danger of the "China Virus" and even discouraged wearing masks. No amount of praying will save your soul from frying in hell. History will remember you as "Donald The Liar" Trump. Yes! Right to jail!!! just can't get enough losing!   Loser Yay! But ya still lost so... You’re right! I can’t believe has a secret Chinese bank account! Yeah, but Mr. Tapper and Blitzer was so mean and sexist towards Mrs. Speaker...for pointing out facts about her handling of the Covid-19 Stimulus. Hillarious, but also sad.  Je ne vois aucune autre attitude envers des individus du genre Silvano Trotta ou Le comité Trump France. LA county is overwhelmingly Biden supporters. It's had some of the most restrictive covid rules in the country. How is Trump currently causing this in LA?If I get ONE MORE HIPSTER asking me "Do you carry SAAAAGUH? We are PURIFYING our home from the NEGATIVITY of Trump and 2020." I am gonna reach across this counter and slap them shitless. Seriously. Fucking hipsters man. Ruining pagan shit erryday. Working with us you mean being supported by us again wasn’t that way when Trump was in there was it that’s why you don’t like him while he’s coming back America’s not gonna let this happen Thank you!! I think he should I love the way twitter takes it upon their selves to declare Criminal Sleepy Joe Biden the winner.You have got to be kidding. I am in shock! Mitch came up with a bill giving Trump what he wanted. I like this bill if that is all that is in it. you need to get rid of Biden and his team, they are the most danger party in USA, Australia will suffer under Biden, China will move in, please help Where is a free country on earth? Right now, the distance between you and Trump’s veto is disputed territory. Better get on the right side, city slicker. I can't believe you think your own citizens are only worth 2K. Pathetic It’s time we start applying these safeguards that the founders gave us. Enough of the bullshit. Trump won and we all know it. retweeting to larger accounts because Americans need to see whats happening since the election we no longer see this on news. Congress and potentially new president will get rich and soldiers die.Teen Sent to Prison for Insulting China's Flag  CIC was a great song when it came to dissing Trump though. Acham que eu acredito?   Mc Connell is trash and doesn't deserve any type of respect....ever !!! Kushner is as much of a crook his father. He thinks he above the fray and anything he says is true. He lies just like McEnany, Trump, and Giuliani every member of this administration. McConnell has sold out the American people one more time.  Fin décembre, seulement 2 millions de vaccinés sur les 20 millions prévus par l'administration Trump. Les hôpitaux de Californie débordent. Fuck trump and the GOP. You lost me 20 years ago. Well said, Julie. Can't you read the Twitter subtitles ?:)))))Mitch taking the role as lead villain really getting the pressure off Trump is hilarious  I feel it should be targeted specifically to people who have lost work or experienced financial hardship. Many people who have worked continuously but make will get money, which is silly. Those 205,000 votes were from your win in 2016.  What about the other EUAs the FDA approved like the one Trump and others got, are Maine doctors not using them, If not it's a disgrace.  Lol so you think poor people all move to red states?    Which Kelly Loeffler is speaking right now - the Republican or the Trump Patriot? This is very confusing The DS is running scared and looking for another excuse to lock us up for 12 more months. This virus is about as lethal as the common cold. Not saying its Trump's fault, but ask yourself: If Biden actually wins the presidency, what will happen to the virus? Oui les état Unis d'Amérique et le gvt on organiser la plus grande fraude en ne permettant pas au gens de pouvoir voter avec faciliter leur obligeant à ce "debattre" pour que leur voix soit pris en compte He could most certainly invoke the like he should have done at the first sign of Trump's obvious sociopathy, like any ethical, moral, responsible member of government would have done! But Trump of course surrounded himself w/weak unpatriotic, yes-men cowards! Weird. I don't remember our lives being upended or over 300k ppl dying from swine flu. Stand with Trump and 80 million Patriots  Trump Won! We will fight! Hope this gets thoroughly verified. It's total fraud for sure❣️❣️ saying "Don't let them steal it" is very different from "We won't let them steal it" He knows he's cooked. Once he retweeted that Tweet and was to afraid to retweet it and then fucking disappear he knew. That was his litmus test.All those jerks have... and ...they’ve all been loose with money. So what the freakin’ deal now??I’m pretty sure Trump would throw gasoline and light it on the Republicans if he couldCovid stimulus update: McConnell blocks ,000 checks, ties them to Trump demands  I'm pretty sure that person said exactly what you said. 9-7=2. Approximately two million registered voters did not vote. It's a constant-drip ploy to divert our attn . knows he lost the election. What he doesn't want is for us to constantly expose his massive failure due to his lies and misinformation resulting in more than 330K American deaths. THAT is what he is doing. No You dont Tick-tock traitor 23 days We are coming for you Anyone the says what evidence either only watches CNN.... or there hate for Trump is more important then a stolen America. Trump would call it Heil anyway. Dumb ass, (and I say that as nicely as possible), none of them draw a paycheck from the government. They are l-o-a-d-e-d, and like Trump himself work for the American people for free. Ask Nancy or Schmuck, er, I mean Chuck when the last time they turned down a paycheck the GOP king! Sleazbag, crook trump President Trump refused to visit the Aisne-Marne American Cemetery in France in 2018 because he regarded the dead World War I veterans as “suckers” and “losers,” according to a report from the Atlantic citing four senior staffers Forbes 9/03/2020 Ifb YES he is . Pay attention  You are obviously still in a MELTDOWN. The Swine flu didnt kill thousands every day. Why do you always have to put someone down. Swine Flu is no longer a problem so where's the failure. YOUR EPIC FAILURE IS EVERYWHERE WE LOOK. YOUR BEHAVIOR IS TURNING YOUR SUPPORTERS AGAINST UTrump allies launch desperate final efforts ahead of Congressional confirmation of Biden win, via and I have a feeling 2021 is going to be a great year. We vaccinate a nation, put everyone back to work, reconnect families at the border, rebuild highways and bridges, work on eliminating racism, pollution, fix water in Flint and put TRUMP IN JAIL!!! trump “I take no responsibility” Idiot. I agree. If trump splintered off his own party from the GOP republicans wouldn’t win another election for a decade at least. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️  No creo Well get it done next month when Trump, Loeffler and Purdue are gone. Stay strong. 12000 died under Obama. 12,000. through 2 years. How many deaths under your watch in ONE YEAR? And here he is, BLAME GAME again like a CHILD. This is a tragedy that was always going to happen under trump. He's incompetent and ego driven. Biden is and always has been a Complete Failure. 47 years in office and the goof gets on the news and says that the vaccines are not distributing fast enough.   I am so entertained each evening reading all the cult tweets it tells me so much 1. They all voted for trump n mcconnell 2. They’re so unhappy with their life 3. Their education was minimal it left them being behind the 8 ball 4. They are part of trumps cult. ご返信ありがとうございます！And trump!  you are going to jail Speak gibberish and Joe wouldn't know the difference. Dude- I've had someone drive us in one of those to a rock show  back in the day  Do they play golf in jail? Lol  NOT yet? There are some SWAMP members in the Republican Party that he needs to transform.. ? Below and others  Apologies. Got a TL crossed. :). And if the Senate had a straight up vote on the stimulus I suspect he'd vote for it because he's still leaning on Trump. But Mitch will not allow anything up unless he knows how the votes will go. And you keep drinking that Jim Jones / Trump aid. Don’t forget the “fake billionaire” still needs your donations Funny you didn't believe that before...you guys will say anything to win!Here’s a List of Every Republican Representative Who Voted to Override President Trump’s NDAA Veto  Wisconsin Republicans break with Trump on ,000 stimulus checks  It was only for Cobb county. Fulton county is where most of the fraud happened. Trump has tweeted, asking for a signature audit for Fulton. GOP is fine...Trump won in a landslide!!....GOTTA fix mail-in voting...Dominion counting machines!!...if GOP doesn't fix THOSE....doesn't matter WHAT they do.....Senile Biden taking LIDS everyday STILL wins!! lol Never A Trump AGAIN!  there's one out there with all of the major news sites actually on the graph which is a cool graphic. I'll find it real quick while our idiot is making more shit up  No election is over 99% accurate Drag queen. ‍ Didn’t even know thugger had beef with lil Wayne but Wayne is a Trump supporter and a shitty rapper so that’s another point for young thug in my book.. Senators, Stand Your Ground and object to the fraudulent "results" of the 2020 election!  Lyin’ TwitterWait do y’all remember when we almost had WW3 in January because Trump wouldn’t shut the fuck up The courts who are trained in evaluating evidence. Trump’s nominees who he approved and endorsed rejected this nonsense, but YOU know better. Check yourself. You sound ridiculous. ❤️Trump ends Obama's 12-year run as most admired man: Gallup | TheHill  Can we PLEASE expose the significant and ongoing role Bill Gates has continued to play in...well everything that’s happened in the last (fill in the blank) years? I’m no genius but even I could pick apart this interview:  It’s cool, but the only thing I want is to see my President take the oath for 4 more years Your not . . . YOU LOST . . . remember  Only an idiot who has been asleep the last four years would say that. It is night and day between Obama and Trump. It’s trump’s fault LOOK FOLKS HE HAS PROOF THIS TIME! TREMENDOUS EVIDENCE!! LOTS LOTS! ITS COMING AMERICA! ANYTIME NOW PPL!! SOON!! VERY SOON!! BIG NEWS!! ITS ALMOST COMING SOON!! BREAKING NEWS!! ITS ON ITS WAY!! HOLD YOUR BREATHS!!LOTSLOTS OF IT ALWAYS ALMOST ANYDAY NOW!! Just keep playing golf  If Trump had said "let's do something about climate change", 72 million people would become passionate about climate change. That would have been something special. No. That's a naive answer. Are ALL people immoral? No, just Trump crime supporters. They are stalling, of course. You’ve voted against it every time, have McConnell blocking your pretend support now. It’s time for you to go. VOTE OSSOFF + WARNOCKNo... We have . He is the sole entity that has our interests in mind. Government works for government. That’s why 75 million Americans voted for President Trump ♥️ Liar. Made up bullshit. Just when you thought 2020 couldn’t get any more weird, the dems side with trump against the reps Fin décembre, seulement 2 millions de vaccinés sur les 20 millions prévus par l'administration Trump. Les hôpitaux de Californie débordent. The media began losing reputation from the average working American when you folks decided Hillary was a voice of the people. Trump was a direct result of the working class telling the media and the establishment that their worth was less than the honesty of a con man.Republicans are red Democrats are blue I say fuck trump And you should, too  That crack you smoke must be powerful stuff.Hopefully you'll get a brain like the did in the follow in foot steps if ur actually works.Does Mitch want to use checks to blackmail democrats into supporting Trumps election fraud claims? Wrong, again. You lost for real. What drugs are you taking? agree!Trump Campaign Takes Wisconsin Constitutional Fight to US Supreme Court -- Challenging 50,000 Illegal Absentee Votes  You are a freaking genius!! Thank you America we voted Trump out of office and now Georgia you need to elect and so we can get McConnell out of power!And he is just objective, supportive! Like all who sued Trump U-the assholes couldn’t admit they’re failures-so they blame him! It’s obvious! He can’t give you courage-will-I’d never be able to sell like him-I can admit it admire those that do! And they sue him because Ja, trump försökte men förlorade ändå, kanske hans inkompetens var problemet?  LMAO. I'm so glad I wasn't eating when I saw this beyond hilarious tweet. I would likely have choked to death. But thanks for a good laugh anyways  CLEAN EVIDENCE !!! TRUMP FOREVER !!!   Who told you this nonsense? And why did you believe them? It's called Google, dude. You should try it. I call bullshit, the only you care about is how much you can make off of insider information. You'd support pardoning Maxwell if you thought it would help you keep your inside info job. lol, this is the guy who beat Trump? pretty frickin weak When Fat Donnie makes statements like this I marvel at the restraint of the Secret Service to not beat his ass. Why is it “Biden accuses” -????? The article??? Should just say, TRUMP APPOINTEES.... -we all know irs true, using “Biden accuses” removes it from truth makes it a partisan article. REPORT. THE. TRUTH. Go clean your house. But he won the election!! Haha Did you fail math? With grace and dignity like President Obama always has... something you can’t say about trump. Trump's milking it, milking it.....hard to believe Trump cultists would donate any more at this point.no trump 2 red seats, no we tp, defund all 6th our real lock down starts no buying no support from we, ourselves for anything. government is stopped till we restart it with trump. same with media no media use. we take back the power 1 wk teach them!Only President Trump ⚡️ Tuesday, December 29, 2020 ⏲️ 6:04 PM EST  / CONTROL the Senate  Donald J. in the White House  in the United States:  U.S. DEATHS = 345,973  U.S. INFECTIONS = 19,927,215 ️  Actually not. The vaccine was developed without funds from the US. Research, facts matter! I’ve lost count of how many times trump lost one election...going on 70 or 80 I think.  WHATS THAT MAKE THE SNOWFLAKES THEN! god bless you for standing up for America.This is a fight between good and evil. We shall overcome. wwg1wga Biden isn’t president..... yet. Just another one of the many failures that costs American lives. cest dur a dire est morte mdr mais meme quand etait en vie enfin il vu que cest michael je prefere trump et de loin  This is nuts, you do not win anything, you have lost bigley. Move on. One side has been looked at about 60 times so far. Now it's your turn. Whine harder. But not to Operation Warp Speed? If not for President Trump working with the pharmaceutical companies, we would still be injecting rodents..... Corrupted as well. Its time for a revolution to throw out all our corrupt government workers and start fresh. Round up these traitors and replace them. Hopefully Trump will be arrested for treason MYbe he is still crying about the renovations done by You know, millions of Americans out of work without money for food or housing and is tossing out stuff people can’t dream of owning. Grifter. Pathetic.  Shut the fuck up you asshole!!The Threat of Authoritarianism in the U.S. is Very Real, and Has Nothing To Do With Trump The COVID-driven centralization of economic power and information control in the hands of a few corporate monopolies poses enduring threats to political freedom.  Trump: "Does this shirt make me look fat?" Vin Diesel-looking Secret Service guy: "No, your face does." You have done nothing except swing a golf club. And your terrible at that too.Trump campaign files second claim to Supreme Court citing fake news report on 'alternative electors'  Trump is a narcissist who feels entitled to the presidency because mummy never told him no. Whilst he is a lifelong Democrat, the Republican Party and Republican voter is much easier to swindle. If you say God, Guns, pro-life, patriotism, country, low taxes and boo immigration...Donald Trump is much higher than that. Blaming Trump for a worldwide pandemic? We wouldn't have a vaccine if not for Trump so soon and for initiating Operation Warp Speed. And what has old senile crow Biden done? Clamor on what he would have done or will do but does shit. A list of baseless claims does not become truth by putting the word "confirmed" next to each baseless claim in the list. Bye Bye Donald!If you are not on the TrumpMobile, please stay home January 6! Do not escalate. Let these people make their own trouble. Trump is summoning supporters for a 'wild' time on the day the electoral vote will be finalized  Finna cop So let me get this straight. Trump, the selfish turd of all selfish turds, wants to increase the stimulus checks, House Dems do the right thing and pass a clean bill quickly, and now McConnell wants to haggle over the financial survival of everyday Americans? Fuck that guy. Again Disgusting. Trump is saving millions of children . Doesn't mean anything if Mitch kills all the progress!!! Vote Blue Georgia! Also, is a rubbish source. GFY  Do not concede. The House votes ....38 republican states = 38 Trump votes ................................12 Democrat states. = 12 Biden votes. Get out the champagne‼️ New study: Data Indicates 289,000 Votes Across Six Battleground States May Be Fraudulent Of course. More Trump lies. Anthony Scaramucci was hired by Trump and lasted a full 11 days before being fired. It was one of the more egregious revolving door of lackeys moments in the administration.  Like a fish out of water You mean like Venezuela? The country where the leader lost an election but then used his official powers to cast aside the election results and cling to office? You’re right. We don’t want that. So why are some Republicans aiding Trump’s efforts to overturn an election he lost?Even The Doctor wants us to Dump Trump! “Like sewage, smartphones, and Donald Trump, some things are just inevitable.” -The Doctor (S10.Ep12) are the  This was regarding some mural she was in. The owners took it out because they felt she was not a country musician anymore. I think it was because she hates Trump so they removed her. I can certainly live with that. The date was modified by whoever spread the pic.Say it isn’t so? doing what a U.S. President swore an oath to do..protect preserve  The paid off courts won't ever let the truth come out